On the night it turned August, Mikiya suddenly dropped in out of the blue.
"Evening. You're looking as fatigued as always, Shiki."
The sudden visitor stood by the entrance, smiling as he shot me this lame greeting.
"I passed an accident on my way here, actually. A girl committed suicide. Jumped off the building. I heard it's been happening a lot recently but I never thought I'd see one myself…. Oh yeah, put this in the freezer."
As he untied his shoes by the door, he tossed me a plastic bag from a convenience store. Inside were two cups of Häagen-Dazs strawberry ice cream. I guess I was supposed to keep them cool before they melt.
While I was slowly checking out the contents of the bag, Mikiya had finished taking off his shoes and was over the threshold.
I lived in a studio apartment. If you go from the entrance and past the hallway, which isn't even a meter long, you get to the room serving as both bedroom and living room.
Glaring at Mikiya's back as he strode hastily into the room, I followed suit. 
"Shiki. You cut class today, right? I don't care much about your grades, but if you don't at least watch your attendance, you won't be able to go on to a decent school. You haven't forgotten, have you? We promised to go to college together."
"Yeah, like you have the right to lecture me about school." I replied. "And for starters, I don't remember making that promise. Oh, and didn't you already drop out?"
"…Well, I don't think rights exist for anything," said Mikiya, attempting to appear sophisticated, then sat down. He tends to let out his true feelings when he's on the defensive. It's something that came back to me recently.
Mikiya sat down in the middle of the room.
I lowered myself onto the bed behind him and lied sideways. He was just there, facing away from me.
I blankly gazed his back from behind, which was small compared to the average guy.
His full name was Kokuto Mikiya, and it had somehow happened that he'd been a friend of mine ever since high school.
In the midst of youngsters nowadays—the ones who show off all the latest fads that appear one after another, and ultimately burned themselves out—he was real rarity who boringly kept the image of a student.
He didn't dye or grow his hair. He wasn't tanned or wore accessories. He didn't carry a cell phone or flirt with women. His height was around 170cm or so. His kind-looking face was more on the cute side, and his black-rimmed glasses made that feature stand out even more.
Even when he had graduated from high school he dressed ordinarily. I sometimes thought about how he could even catch a few looks had he dressed up on the streets—
"Shiki, are you listening? I saw your mother too. Shouldn't you at least drop by your house? I heard that you haven't even contacted them since you got out of the hospital two months ago."
"Yeah, I've got no reason to, that's why."
"You don't need a reason for a happy family get-together, you know. They're your family after all. You haven't spoken with them for two years. So all you need to do is sit down and have a proper talk together."
I paused a bit before replying. "…Nah. I can't see it happening, so forget about it. If I saw them, it would just make us all feel even more distant from each other. I still feel weird talking to you, so how do you expect me to hold a conversation with those people?"
"Shiki, things aren't gonna fix by themselves, right?. It'll be like this your whole life if you don't make the first move and open up to them. It's not right for parents and children to live so close together and yet not even meet each other."
His judgmental words annoyed me.
Not right, he said. What exactly was "not right"? There wasn't any funny business between me and my parents. It's simple. Their daughter had been in a traffic accident and lost all of her memories. By law and blood we were still family, so I would assume there was nothing wrong with just leaving it at that.
But Mikiya always worried about people's emotional wellbeing. Even though stuff like that held zero interest for me.
◇◆◇

Ryougi Shiki had been my friend since high school. Ours was a private school, famous for sending students on to good colleges.
 You don't see a name like Ryougi Shiki every day, so it stuck in my mind when I went to see the application results. And we ended up in the same class. Since then, I became one of Shiki's very few friends.
As our school did not have uniforms, I think everyone expressed themselves by how they dressed. In that kind of crowd, Shiki stood out. The reason was because Shiki always wore a kimono. Always.
The modest, informal look complemented Shiki's sloping shoulders so much that it made the classroom feel like a samurai-style house just by her walking, and it wasn't just her looks, either. 
She made no unnecessary movements. Only in class did she utter anything resembling words. I think that was the only thing that gave us any idea of what Shiki was like as a person.
As for her actual looks, well, they were too good to be true. Her hair was beautiful like black silk, cut in a half-hearted fashion, then left to its own devices. The result was a short cut just long enough to hide her ears. Strangely enough, it suited Shiki so well that many students mistook her for a boy. 
Shiki was handsome in a way that she appeared female to men, and male to women. Rather than beautiful, her features were more awe-inspiring. 
But if you asked me, I would say that she had something even more fascinating than these characteristics: her eyes. Those eyes had a sharp yet calm look, and her delicate eyebrows, too. She had a way of always seeming to be gazing upon something invisible to us. In my opinion, this summed up her entire personality.
Indeed.
Until she ended up the way she did.
◇◆◇

"…jumping."
"Er— Sorry, I wasn't listening."
"Suicide by jumping off something. Would that be considered an accident, Mikiya?" I asked. My mumbled, bored-sounding words jolted Mikiya out of his silence and back to his senses. With that, he thought seriously about the question.
"Hm, I'd definitely say that's an accident, but… hm… I don't really know how to put it. If a person commits suicide, they're dead and gone, right? So long as it's the person's will to do so, the responsibility is only on that person. But if you jump from a high place, the responsibility doesn't completely belong to that person. Hard to distinguish it from falling. That's more like an accident." 
"Then it's not a murder, nor is it an accidental death. The line seems pretty hazy, if you ask me. Maybe they should've picked a way that wouldn't trouble others if they were going to kill themselves."
"Shiki, it's not right to talk ill of the dead," said Mikiya. His tone didn't sound scolding, but blunt. His words were so utterly predictable that I could tell he was going to say it even before he opened his mouth.
"Quit the common sense talk, Kokuto." Naturally, my response got a bit harsh, but Mikiya did not seem upset by it.
"Aah. You haven't called me that in a while."
"Really?"
Mikiya nodded like a particularly well-mannered squirrel.
There were two ways I called him by: Mikiya and Kokuto. I didn't like the sound of Kokuto, although I never knew why. In the small silence that formed during my pondering, Mikiya clapped his hand, as if he'd remembered something.
"Oh, speaking of uncommon things, my sister Azaka saw it."
"Saw what?"
"That thing. The girl at the Fujou building, the one they say flying in the air. You said you saw it too, didn't you?"
Oh, I remembered now. The ghost story that started around three weeks ago. As the story had it, there was and high-class apartment complex in the business district called the Fujou building. At night, a human-like form could be seen floating above the building. So it wasn't just me that saw it, but Azaka did, too. The thing had to be real, it seemed.
After being in a coma for two years from a traffic accident, I was able to see things that "shouldn't be there". Well, as Touko would put it, I wasn't seeing but rather "perceiving" them. In other words, my brain and eyes had been raised to a new level, but it's not like I was interested in the explanations behind it.
"Not just once. I've caught sight of it at the Fujou building multiple times. Though I haven't walked that way in a while, so I don't know if I could still see it."
Mikiya responded, "I see. I go by there a lot, but I've never seen anything."
"It's 'cause you wear glasses."
"I don't think that has anything to do with glasses," Mikiya pouted. His reaction was so warm, and with no hint of maliciousness. That might've been why it was harder for him to see those kinds of things. 
Even so, it just kept on happening: the mind-numbingly dull phenomenon of people jumping—or falling or whatever.
I didn't understand the meaning behind the thought, so I said the question out loud, "Mikiya, do you know why people would jump?"
Mikiya shrugged.
"Jumping or flying, I don't understand either." Mikiya said. "They're not something I've tried yet, are they?"
His answer was so matter-of-factly, and so coolly said.