"You brought an unusual letter of introduction," said the professor. He then shook my hand with a smile reminiscing of reptiles.
I was inside a university laboratory. The professor whom I just shook hands with was a lab coat-wearing old man. I thought it suited him.
"Supernatural powers… how curious. So you're interested in such things?"
"No, I just want to know what they are."
"Isn't that what they call interest? Whatever. To use her card as a letter... that's just like her. She was an outstanding student of mine, you see. I sometimes wonder what she's been up to these days. This place is getting fewer competent people, so we don't have enough human resources. You can never get enough of those."
"Um, about the supernatural powers..."
"Oh yes, the supernatural powers... But you see, there are many different kinds of powers. We don't have an actual way of determining those here so I don't know if I can help you. It's an ominous subject in my occupation; you can even count on your hand the number of laboratories researching it in Japan. It's like a black box, you know, so the actual details don't get to me. Yes… I've heard there's been progress made in terms of the practicality of it, but I have to wonder. That 'thing' is, you know, something you have to be born with..."
"I really don't care about the classification. Either way, I think of them as psionic powers. What I want to know is how people end up with these powers."
"They're like channels. You watch TV?"
"Well, yeah... but what about it?"
"TVs. Think in terms of TVs. You can compare the human brain to channels. Which channel do you usually watch?"
"Let's see… I guess it's channel 8."
"That's it. That should be the channel with the highest viewership, right? Let's say there are 12 channels in the human brain. The brains of you and me are always on channel 8, the channel with the highest viewership. There are other channels but we can't turn to them. The channel that everyone watches—should I say ‘common sense'? Channel 8 is the channel we have to be on in order to live within that common sense. Do you understand?"
"...Um, so you're saying we're made to watch the safest programs?"
"No no. It's for the best. The common sense of the 20th century, the channel with the highest rating is channel 8. Don't you think it's the most peaceful channel because we've been able to tune into it? While living in that common sense it also acts as an absolute law that governs us, which is how we're able to communicate with each other."
"You're saying other channels are not peaceful?"
"I would question that. 
"Let's say the people who watch channel 3 can interpret the language exchanged between plants rather than people.
"And let's say the people who watch channel 4 are then capable of using brain waves that normally move your body parts to move other physical objects.
"It's terrific to have access to these channels, don't you think? However, there, the common sense airing on channel 8 doesn't exist since those channels have their own laws.
"So you see that in order for someone to live in this day and age they have to be watching the same channel, which is channel 8. Since those other channels don't air that sort of common sense that's in channel 8, someone who watches, let's say channel 4, wouldn't be able to integrate into this society."
"So you're saying if someone doesn't have channel 8 they're considered to be abnormal?"
"Yes. Say there's someone who only watches channel 3. That person can talk to plants, but in turn, cannot talk to people. As a result, society treats that person as mentally disabled and locks them up in a sanatorium. 
"That's what it means for a person to have supernatural powers—someone who is born with different channels compared to everyone else. 
"But, most people with supernatural powers have such channels as 4 and 8 at the same time and can switch between them. Like television channels, you can switch whenever you want, right? When you watch channel 4, you can't watch channel 8, and vice versa.
"Those who are able to switch between channels in this way can blend into modern society, so it's near impossible for us to spot them."
"I see. So that's why common sense is useless for the person who only has channel 4... because it wouldn't exist to begin with."
"That's right. Society calls these people maniacs or serial killers, but we have a different name for them—incompatible existence. 
"There are many people who are incompatible for society, but for these people their existence alone is incompatible; they are people who shouldn't exist... no, they cannot exist. 
"This is a ‘what-if" story, okay? If someone were to have both channel 4 and 8, and something happened to them that destroyed their body, causing that person to be permanently on channel 4—then their life would be doomed. Even when they'd had all the common sense; if that person had no way of being on our channel, then it becomes impossible for them to communicate with us. After all, they would be operating through a different set of signals."
"Is there a way to make them compatible with modern society?"
"Hm, you can just end their life. 
To put it more precisely, you have to destroy the abnormal channel. But to do so means to destroy their brain, so it comes down to killing them. There's no such thing as killing the channel without killing the body. If there is, that's what you would really call a supernatural power. That's around channel 12, I think? That channel can pretty much do anything," the professor said and laughed like he had just said something comedic.
"Thank you. I've learned something today. Oh, I have something else to ask you, Doctor. Would you say that spoon bending is most popular psionic power?"
"What? Spoons can bend?"
"I don't know about spoons. How about human arms, then?"
"You mean the arms of an adult? That sounds pretty amazing. Distortion depends on the object's size rather than its hardness. I would think it should take about seven days to bend something like the human arm. So, which way does it bend? Right? Left?"
"…Does it matter?"
"Of course. It has something to do with the fulcrum. Even Earth has a direction of rotation, right? What, it's not constant? Hmm... does such a power actually exist? Then you shouldn't go anywhere near this incompatible existence, they have more than two channels. I wager they can rotate in both directions at the same time. See, I have never heard of a case of someone having two channels and able to use them both at once; if Cyborg 001 and 002 from the manga ‘Cyborg 009' were to fuse together, even 009 would bow to that."
"…In the interest of time I'd better get going. I have to go all the way to Nagano after this. Yes, thank you for your help today."
"Oh, it's really nothing. Not at all. It's her who introduced you to me, so come whenever you'd like. 
"By the way... is Aozaki-kun doing well?"