Asagami Fujino got up in an absent state of mind.
She was inside a room. No one else was there besides her.
The lights were off, or rather, there was no such thing to begin with, nothing but an enveloping deep darkness.
"Phew…" She let out a nervous breathe. Fujino felt her long, black hair. The hair that was drooping down to the left side of her chest was gone, probably cut by the man who sat on top of her a second ago. 
Once she recalled that, Fujino finally gave her surrounding a look. 
She was inside an underground bar.
It was abandoned half a year ago due to bankruptcy and became a hangout spot for delinquents. 
…There were folding chairs crammed into the corner of the room; in the middle a pool table; traces of store-bought foods scattered across the room, their containers piling up. Such sloven aftermath seemed to be creating this repulsive  gunk. 
Fujino felt uncomfortable by the overwhelming stench in the room.
The place was a ruin, others might consider it to be some back-alley slum in a faraway country. It was hard to imagine that a normal city existed on the other side of the stairway. 
The only normal thing here was the smell of the alcohol lamp they had brought in.
"Erm...." Fujino looked around with manners that were no less dignified.
Her mind had not calmed down, nor had it even registered what just happened.
She picked a human wrist by her feet. There was a watch on the severed wrist; its digital screen displayed the date "July 20, 1998". 
It was 8PM at the time. Not even an hour had passed by after that incident.
"Guh...!"
Fujino groaned. A pain around the stomach area came along that sudden agony.
She was writhing, unable to withstand the pain that felt as if her interiors were being twisted. 
Her hands touched the floor and made a splashing sound. She came to realize that it was flooding in this abandoned building.
"…Come to think of it, it's supposed to rain today." Fujino mumbled to herself and stood up
She took a glance at her stomach. There was a trace of flood on it.
It was the spot where those men laying on the floor had stabbed her.
◇◆◇

The man who stabbed Fujino was an infamous name in his town. Being a rather conspicuous figure among his fellow high school dropouts, he had the reputation of being a leader-like character to the misfits in the area. 
He looked for people who were similar to him, and the gang did whatever their hearts desired. As part of their pleasure they raped Fujino. There was not much reasoning behind it. They simply found her hot, and that she went to an all-girls school.
The man—being fairly violent, ignorantly selfish, and partly dumb as he was—along with his likeminded goons, were not content with abusing her just once.
At first, they were hesitant. To one's surprise, even brats like them understood they could get jailed any time, but things changed when they knew Fujino had been suffering silently—they realized they were in the driver's seat, and thus began dragging her to this dump countless of times.
Tonight was another one of those times. The group had nothing to worry about, but they also got tired of the banal act. Their leader wanted to bring some excitement into this habitual repetition, which must have been the reason why he had brought a knife with him.
Fujino went on with her lives without a concern despite having been raped. This had destroyed his pride; the man craved for a definite proof marking his possession over her. As a result, he prepared a knife in anticipation for an even more violent act.  
But the girl's face was even more expressionless—when he stabbed her, her expression did not waver, so the man rose up, pushed her down, and then…

◇◆◇

"I can't go outside like this."  Fujino looked down as she felt her blood-soaked body. She didn't lose too much blood herself, with the only wound being the stab on her stomach. However, the problem was the stains of their blood, sticking on the top of her hair to the bottom of her shoes.
"How stupid of me... getting this dirty."
Am I more annoyed from having their blood on my body than being raped by them all the time?
She kicked at one of the youth's limbs that were scattered around the floor. Surprised by her unusual violent acts, Fujino then began to think.
It is raining outside. There should be less people walking around in about an hour. With it being summertime the rain shouldn't be too cold. I'll soak myself in the rain and then wash off the blood at the park…
When she came up with such solution, Fujino calmed down.
She walked away from the pool of blood, hopped on the pool table, and at last, counted the number of corpses lying around. 
One, two, three, four. Four, four… Four? Why are there only four?!
She suddenly turned appalled.
There was missing one person.
"…so one managed to get away." she murmured quietly.
Which means I will be caught by the police. If he's able to get to them, I will be arrested. 
But if you think about it, will he actually go to the police? 
How will he be able to explain the situation? 
Will he start by telling them that his gang kidnapped a girl named Asagami Fujino, then raped, and threatened her not to tell anyone?
As if, that's not something he can simply confess to, and none of these brats should not have the brains to fake a convincing story anyway.
Fujino relaxed a bit and lit the lamp that was on the pool table. 
The light from the lamp brightened up the whole room, making the severed limbs— sixteen in total—clearly visible. If Fujino looked harder she should also be able to find four bodies and heads. 
The orange light shone the room and painted it anew with a frenzy red paint, spelling an end to all things inside in every sense of the word.
Fujino did not care much about the disastrous scene before her. 
One person got away, she thought. Her revenge had not ended.
Fortunately, it had not yet ended.
"Would I have to take revenge...?"
Fujino feared the idea of having to kill another person. Her body trembled at such thought, but she herself would be in danger if she let him live—she would be in danger if she did not seal his mouth tight. 
But Fujino did not want to commit any more crimes, she did not want to kill any more people…
That was what she truly believed.
The pool of blood reflecting her face showed her forming a slight smile.









Remaining Sense of Pain／1

As July was coming to an end, I was met with all sorts of surprising events: a friend of mine who had been in a coma for two years just came back to life; my sister whom I hadn't met in five years came for a visit; and I had recently finished another big job at my workplace ever since I became a college dropout. Basically, there was no breathing room at all, and thus began the nineteenth summer of me, Kokuto Mikiya.
Today was one of my rare days off. However, I accompanied my friend from high school to a drinking party and before I noticed it, I had missed the last train.  
The folks took cabs home, but because payday was tomorrow, I didn't have the money at the time.
And so I decided to walk home. Thankfully, my house was only two stations away from here.
The date, which had been July 20 earlier, just changed to the next day, July 21.
Being past midnight, I walked through the night town alone. Since tomorrow was a weekday, the shopping district became fast asleep. 
It rained hard tonight. The rain had stopped before midnight, but the asphalt still showed signs of rain as the wet ground made splashing sounds. 
The time was the middle of summer and it was thirty degrees outside. While annoyed by the hot night air and humidity left by the rain, I noticed a girl by the sidewalk. She was crouching.
The girl, in a black school uniform, was holding her stomach in pain as she crouched at the end of the road. 
…I recognized the nun-like uniform she was wearing—that plain but party dress-like fancy design belonged to Reien Girls Academy. According to Gakuto, the uniform was well-known among a certain kind of audience. To them it was like an outfit worn inside a maid café. Well, it wasn't that I was one of those people. I only knew because my younger sister went there.
"I heard the students there lived in dorms..."
So why would a girl like her be at such a place and time? Was she in some kind of trouble? Or was she just a non-rule-abiding delinquent?
With my sister going to the same school and all, I decided to call to her. When I did just that she slowly turned to me, the clumps of her long, black hair swayed.
".........." 
The girl appeared to be catching short, but quiet breaths.
She had long hair, her calm eyes made her seem quite relaxed. Her pretty face was small, and albeit cute it had a thin and well-defined outline —such delicate balance was similar to the beauty of the Japanese doll.
Her long hair was cast straight behind her, a small section of it was separated around both of her ears draping down to her chest, creating a symmetry. But despite its symmetry the left side of her hair was missing, like it was snipped away by a pair of scissors. Her evenly cut fringe formed the impression of a young lady coming from a respected family. 
The girl said, "Yes? What is it?", her face was pale and her lips were purple. They were clear signs of cyanosis. She put her hand over her stomach, her face writhing in pain.
"Does your stomach hurt?" I asked.
"No, um... I, um..."
She tried to act calm, yet her words spoke otherwise. The girl had a rather fragile look that gave the impression that she could break down any second, just like Shiki when I first met her.
"You're from Reien Academy, right? Did you miss your train? That place is far from here. Do you want me to go get a taxi for you?"
"No, it's all right. I don't have any money."
"Yeah, I don't have any either."
The girl looked at me in surprise. 
…I never knew I had that instinct in me to blurt out such a stupid reply.
"I see. Then your house must be near here. I heard it was a boarding school, so maybe they had something like a formal notice whenever you need to leave?"
"No, my house is a long way away."
I began to scratch my head, confused.
"So you're basically running away?"
"Yes, I think that is what I have to resort to."
...I wasn't sure of what to do.
Looking at her, the girl was all soaked up and had water dripping from her body. It was probably because she didn't find cover in that rain earlier. 
Since then I had come to dislike the sight of girls getting soaked up in the rain, which must've been why these words came out of my mouth.
I asked, "You want to come to my place just for tonight?"
"Can I...?"
Still sitting down, she looked at me with desperate eyes. I nodded.
"There won't be a problem since I live alone, but I won't make any guarantees. I don't have any bad intentions, but if anything weird happens, I might get ‘in the mood' for it. I'm a healthy man so take that into consideration too. If you're still okay with that, then come along. Unfortunately, it's before my payday so I can't give you much, but I should at least have some painkillers."
The girl was delighted. Seeing her defenseless and pure smile made me at ease. When I reached my hand to her, she gracefully got up.
For a moment, I thought I had seen red stains between the asphalts she was sitting.

I started walking through the night town with this girl whom I'd just met.
"It's going to be quite a distance so please let me know if it hurts a ton. I should be able to carry at least a girl on my back."
"Yes, but my wound is healed so it doesn't hurt," she said as to reassure me, yet her hand was still on her stomach. It's obvious that she was in some kind of pain. 
Without a reason for it, I repeated my question from earlier.
"Does your stomach hurt?"
The girl denied and grew quiet again. 
We walked a bit more.
After a small silence, the girl nodded and said, "…yes. It really, really hurts. It hurts so much that I want to cry... is it okay if I cry?"
I nodded. The girl closed her eyes, looking satisfied. She had a dreamy look on her face.
◇◆◇

The girl did not tell me her name, so I decided not to tell her mine either. I believe it's more romantic that way. 
Once we got to the apartment, the girl asked to borrow the shower. She also said she wanted to dry her clothes. I left the room to give her some private space. 
I came up with an offhand excuse and told her that I was going out to buy some smokes, and I didn't even smoke. But now isn't the time to stroke my own ego thinking how much of a nice guy I am. 
After spending about an hour outside and coming back, I found her asleep on the sofa. I set my alarm clock to seven thirty and lied on my bed. 
As I fell asleep, I began to have countless thoughts about the cut near the stomach on her uniform 
◇◆◇

When I woke up the next morning, I saw the girl sitting upright in the living room. It seemed like she had nothing else to do. She then noticed that I was awake and gave a bow.
"Thank you for last night. I cannot do anything in return, but I am really thankful for your help." The girl said. She got up and was on her way to the door. I felt a bit guilty about making her sit like that and wait just to say that to me.
"Wait, at least stay and get some breakfast." The girl obediently followed what I said. 
I only had pasta and olive oil, so the breakfast naturally was going to be spaghetti. I quickly made enough portions for the two of us and brought it to the table to eat. Since it got so quiet, I turned on the TV only to see some terrible news.
"Sheesh, another one of those that's right up her alley..." I murmured, thinking about Touko-san. Heck, if she were here Touko-san would've definitely thrown slippers or something into my face because of what I just said, but that's just how bizarre the news was.
The reporter at the crime scene began to drone on about the current state of things.
"Last night, four dead bodies were found inside an underground bar; the bar itself had been abandoned for half a year. Apparently, all four victims had their limbs torn off. There was a sea of blood flooding the crime scene."
The place was pretty close to here, maybe around four stations away from where we drank last night. 
The way the reporter described how the limbs got severed was unusual: they weren't cut, but torn off. The news did not elaborate much on it, and went onto talking about the profiles of the victims.
The four victims, all high school boys, were apparently delinquents who had been hanging around the town near the crime scene. And apparently, they did drugs too. The reporter was then interviewing a person related to the victims about their personal lives.
"I'm not surprised those kids got themselves killed really. They got what they deserved," the person said in a tone different from the reporter. I got annoyed by them speaking ill of the dead, so I turned off the television.
I looked to the girl. She was covering her stomach in great pain. I noticed that she hadn't taken a bite of food. Maybe her stomach really hurt a lot. I couldn't make out her expression as she had her face down.
"...no one ever deserves to die."—she said while struggling to breathe—"The wound should have healed already, so why…?!"
The girl got up from the chair and ran to the door. I quickly followed her, but she raised her hand signalling me to stay where I was, her eyes still on the floor.
"Stay here. I think you should calm down first."
"It's all right. I… I can't go back after all."
Her face was distorted. It was the face of someone who was bearing terrible pain.
That face was awfully similar to Shiki's.
The girl calmed down and bowed at me before opening the door.
"Farewell. I hope we never meet again."
The girl left just like that. Her face was still like that of a Japanese doll, with the exception of her eyes.
Those eyes looked like they were about to burst in tears.