After the incident with that stranger of a girl, I headed to my workplace. 
The company itself didn't have any official titles. Its specialty was in doll-making, but most of the jobs we get were construction-related. 
The president, Aozaki Touko, was a woman in her late twenties. She was also a weirdo who would buy an abandoned building to make her office. In short, you could say that this wasn't a company, but rather an extension of her hobby. 
There were many reasons why I decided to work here, but this was my daily life now. 
I had a few gripes here and there, but really I couldn't complain much, and hell I would even outright say that I was lucky. Of course, there were still some problems, but they were things I could afford to bear.
As I had such thoughts I found myself arriving at my workplace. 
The building was 4 stories high and the office was on the fourth floor. 
Situated between the industrial and residential area this building felt somewhat like a zen temple connecting to the other world, and despite not being tall, it gave an aura of intimidation to those who looked up. 
There were no elevators so I took the stairs.
When I entered the office, I spotted an unfitting figure among the usual cluttered trash. 
There stood a girl wearing a blackish blue kimono with a fish pattern on it. She turned toward me, her eyes looked like they were about to collapse.
"Huh, Shiki? Why are you here at a place like this?" I said.
"Well sorry that it's a place-like-this. Regardless of what you think of it this is still your workplace, Kokuto." Sitting behind Shiki, Touko-san glared at me with a cigarette on her mouth.
She was dressed as plainly as always, wearing tight black pants with a white shirt. Honestly, she could show up at a funeral right now with those clothes and it wouldn't be the strangest thing. By the way, she also had a pair of earrings, orange-colored of course. I don't know why, but she seemed to have this habit of always wearing something orange.
"But you sure are here early today, didn't I tell you to come around noon? We won't be getting any commissions for a while," said Touko-san.
"No, that's not happening." I said.
That's right. My wallet was not going to let that happen. It's rather uneasy when the only things in my wallet were my train pass and a telephone card.
"Anyway, so why is Shiki here?"
"I called her in for a job."
Shiki did not say anything and rubbed her eyes sleepily. Was she walking around at night again? 
It had only been about a month since she recovered from her coma. For some reasons, we were finding it rather uncomfortable to talk to each other. 
Shiki didn't seem like she wanted to talk, so I sat down at my own desk. 
…Though there wasn't any work for me to do, so the mood in the air felt awkward. In times like these I couldn't help but start a conversation, and there was a convenient topic at hand.
"Touko-san, did you see the news this morning?" I asked her.
"The Broad Bridge? Japan isn't that sort of a country, why would it need that big of a bridge anyway."
I recoiled at her comment. 
What Touko-san just talked of was about a big bridge, roughly ten meters long, that was to be finished next year. The town we lived in was close to the port; if you drove for about twenty minutes, you would arrive at that ruggedly made of a port. However, there was a problem with its shape.
To put it simply, there was another side to it. From a map the entire port was shaped like a crescent moon, and to go from one tip to the other you were forced to take a pretty long way around, curving along the crescent-like contours. Concerned about this, the city's development department teamed up with a big construction company and put into action what they said was the solution to the public complaints. 
Their plan was to build a straight route across the tips of the crescent shape in the form of a bridge. Of course, most of the money to build this was coming from our taxes. I think this was a typical case of the government saying they are solving public complaints which did not exist from the start, only resulting in more public complaints. 
The bridge was also to have art museums, aquariums, one large parking lot that could hold hundreds of cars, and such; at that point you can't really tell whether it's a bridge or an amusement park. It was called Baybridge until recently, but according to what Touko-san was saying, I guess its name had officially been announced to be Broad Bridge. 
Incidentally, both Touko-san and I did not have positive feelings about this project.
"I thought you hated the idea, Touko-san. Why do you already have a space in there for your gallery?"
"It's not like I did it out of my will. A person I know gave me that space as a payment. I could sell it off, but since I have some relations with the Asagami construction company I can't just do anything shady behind their backs. Good grief, a check that won't make me money is worth less than a paper straw."
From the way she was talking, Touko-san seemed to be having trouble with money. 
…I have a bad feeling about this.
"Um, I don't want to say this considering where we're at, but can I have my pay?"
"About that, Kokuto, I'm sorry to say this but I don't have any money. You're going to have to wait till next month," said Touko-san nonchalantly. To top it all the way she said it sounded so resolute, as if I was the bad guy here.
"Hold on a second. You're telling me you had 1.12 million yen in your bank account yesterday, and now it's all gone?!" I said.
"Yeah. I used it all," replied Touko-san while rocking on her chair.
Shiki was then looking at her with jealousy. ...Indeed, Touko-san seemed to be enjoying herself. 
No, that's not something I should care about.
"What did you use the money on, Touko-san?"
"Oh, what I bought was this boring thing: it's a Ouija board from the Victorian age. I can't expect much out of its effect, but it's not totally worthless since it's over a hundred years old. No matter how useless it is, some mana and a large amount of time will give it additional value. 
"But I guess that doesn't change the fact that it's useless now. If I have to give a reason for buying it, you could say it's part of my hobby," and so she said.
…I just don't understand this person. 
Of course, Aozaki Touko was still a magus. I always thought how much better it would have been if she just did magic tricks or something, but being the way that it is there wasn't anything I could do.
"It suddenly appeared on sale, so I bought it on impulse," said the magus as she went on with her excuse. "Don't get so angry. I'm out of money too."
...Don't be angry? That's asking a bit too much. 
Considering the fact that I had witnessed plenty of miracles from her, I often found her inability to live in the modern world to be quite charming, but I couldn't afford to tolerate her anymore.
"So is that it? I'm not getting paid this month?"
"Yeah. You go find money from somewhere else." Touko-san said.
"I see." I got up from my seat. "Then I'm going to go find some money to live off of this month. Is it fine that I'm leaving early?"
"Sure. By the way, Kokuto, I need to ask you a favor." Her tone changed saying this.
I wonder if it had to do something with the fact that Shiki was here. I bottled up my anger and stopped. 
"What is it, Touko-san?"
"Can you lend me some money? As you can see, I'm quite broke."
"....I refuse with all my might."
I slammed the door and left the office.
◇◆◇


After watching the conversation between Mikiya and Touko for a while, Shiki finally spoke up.
"Touko, continue."
"Sigh, I don't really like to accept this kind of a job but I won't be able to live without money. ......Geez, I'm going mad over gold when I'm not even an alchemist. This is all because Kokuto won't lend me any money."
Touko sticked her cigarette into the ashtray annoyedly. Mikiya is probably more annoyed than her right now, Shiki thought.
"Alright, so about the incident last night—" said Touko. 
"I've heard enough. Got most of it sorted out."
"I see... I only explained to you the scene of the crime, and you already figured it all out? How sharp." Touko threw a glance at Shiki as if to say something. 
She had only explained the results of the murder that occurred between 7PM and 8PM last night and Shiki understood the guts of it—a definite proof that Ryougi Shiki belonged to the same world as Touko.
"Our client has some idea of the killer. Your job is to take her under your care if possible, but if she shows any retaliation, kill her."
Shiki nodded. 
Her job was simple: to find the killer, and kill her.
"And then?" said Shiki.
"If you happen to kill her, they will clean it up and treat it as an accident. The client already considers her to be socially dead—it's not against the law to kill a dead person. What do you think? I think this job rather suits you."
"No need for you to ask."
Saying that, Shiki began to leave the office.
"Such a hurry. Are you that thirsty, Shiki?" asked Touko.
Shiki did not answer.
"Here's her picture and profile. What were you going to do without knowing what she looks like?" Touko threw at her an envelope. It dropped to the floor, spilling the papers inside. Shiki turned to face her. Touko took that glance for an answer.
"I don't need it." Shiki said. "That killer is definitely of my kind. We'd try to kill each other the moment we met."
Shiki departed from the office, leaving only the rustling sound of her kimono and a cold glare.
◇◆◇

After I made my grand exit from the office, I had no choice but to borrow some money from a friend of mine.
We chose to meet at the dining hall of the college I quit in June. A bit after noon, Gakuto rushed in. He had grown much bigger since high school, and even back then he was quite buffed already. 
When I told him what I came for, he unexpectedly frowned.
"I'm surprised. Calling for someone just to borrow money? Are you really Kokuto Mikiya?"
"C'mon now, even I have to resort to doing this with my current circumstances."
"And so that's your opening line? ‘Lend me cash'? That's not like you at all. Besides, you should know I'm broke all year around, and you're smart enough to consider asking money from your parents."
"Hey, I haven't seen my parents ever since that fight I got into with them when I dropped out of college. How do you expect me to go back and ask them that?"
"Haha, you're weirdly stubborn sometimes. You got into a big fight with your old geezer or something?"
"That has nothing to do with you. So, are you going to let me borrow your money or not?"
"Huh, you're in a pretty bad mood today."
I glared at him and thought, "Mind your own business," but Gakuto happily followed through. "If I put your name out, I bet I could fundraise fifty or sixty thousand yen quite quickly, and if you still need more, I could lend you some of my money. But with an eye for an eye." It sounds like he also had a favor to ask of me. 
Gakuto looked around, making sure no one was listening.
"Well, to put it simply, I want you to look for someone. He's one of our underclassmen. Hasn't returned home yet apparently, heard he got himself into some twisted crime."
Gakuto's story was unsettling. 
The name of the missing underclassman was Minato Keita. He had been missing since last night, and according to Gakuto, he was part of the group that was killed yesterday. Last night Minato Keita contacted one of his friends. They said he was acting strange and went to Gakuto—who was their senpai—for help.
"Keita said he was about to get killed or something. He never made any other call. And he doesn't even answer his cell phone now. Based on what I've heard from him his mind's gotten trippy."
Trippy—so probably drugs.
Beginner drugs—the type that doesn't give you any after-effects—were cheap and relatively easy to get nowadays. Even a high schooler could get their hands on L if they tried, but they shouldn't be trying in the first place...
"...C'mon now. Do I look like the type of person who'd get into this shady business?" I said.
"What are you even on? Isn't this sort of people searching your specialty?" said Gakuto. I grew quiet. 
"Does this kid Keita normally do drugs?"
"No, the ones who did got killed. Don't you remember Keita? He's one of the kids that liked you."
"Ah, I remember him now."
During high school I had good reputation among the underclassmen for some reason, maybe because I was a friend of Gakuto that they all treated me differently. 
"It would make things easier if he were just tripping on a new drug. What kind of drugs do they use? Uppers or downers?"
There were two types of drugs: uppers, which make you mentally high and feel good; and downers, which make you depressed. The one Gakuto named was an upper.
"Sounds like he's coping with his fears through drugs," I said. "This is bad. The killer really might be after this kid. All right, I'll look into this. Tell me about his friends."
Gakuto handed me an address book as if he was ready for me to say so.
One characteristic of the group was that their members had a lot of friends. The address book contained plenty of names with their respective phone numbers along with the hangout spots of each group.
"I'll contact you once I find him. I might have to take him into custody, are you okay with that?"
By "custody" I meant handing him over to Daisuke nii-san, a cop. Gakuto nodded to show his consent. 
We had reached an agreement. To start off my search I borrowed about twenty thousand yen from him.
After saying goodbye to Gakuto, I decided to head to the murder scene. My intuition was telling that that I would have to put in serious efforts in order to find him.
Of course, I didn't take this job lightly.
I knew I shouldn't concern myself with these matters, but I couldn't say no. You couldn't just abandon a kid like him after hearing something of that degree.














/2

The phone began to ring. 
After five rings it stopped and switched to the answering machine. It made a beep. A male voice came out of the machine. It sounded familiar. 
"Good morning, Shiki. Could you do me a quick favor? I'm supposed to meet Azaka at a cafe called ‘Ahnenerbe' near the station at noon but I don't think I can make it. You have nothing to do, right? Can you go there and tell her I can't come?" The caller said and hung up.
I woke my sluggish body and looked at the clock by the bed. It read, "July 22, 7:23AM". It had only been four hours since I came home. 
I pulled my sheets over, my body was still craving for sleep, probably because ever since I took on Touko's job I had been walking around the town until three in the morning.
The summer heat did not affect me. From a young age Ryougi Shiki had always been capable of tolerating hot and cold weather rather well, and even now I still carried that disposition. 
As I lied there for a while the phone rang again. It switched to the answering machine and this time, the voice coming out of the machine belonged to a particular person whom I didn't want to hear from.
"It's me. Have you seen the news? You haven't, right? That's okay, I haven't seen it either."
…I'd had this nagging this feeling for a while, but this confirmed it: the way this woman operates is far removed from mine; one should not grasp the true meaning behind Touko's words.
"Three people just died last night. One jumped off the building and two ‘crimes of passion'. None of these are in the news so I'm guessing they were all treated as accidents. Though there's one strange case. If you want to know more, come to my place. Actually, you don't have to. Come to think of it, this will do.
"Listen up. I'll put it simply so even that sleepy head of yours can understand. There was another victim just now." The caller hung up. That almost made me snap out of my mind. Why do I care if more people die? None of this has anything to do with me. If I don't feel connected to the reality in front of me, then these distant events feel even more meaningless. The death of someone I did not know the name of makes less impression on me than the sunlight striking my body.
I finally got up when the weariness in me dispersed. 
I made breakfast, ate it, and got ready to go outside—in the same way the previous Shiki had done throughout the sixteen years of her life.  
I put on a light orange tsumugi kimono today. Since I were to be walking outside this morning, a tsumugi kimono would be my most preferable; even my choice of clothing was only a habit from the past.  I bit my tongue, annoyed. It felt like I was watching over the life of someone else from a distance. 
Two years ago when Ryougi Shiki was still seventeen, I was not like this. It was not that the two years of coma changed me; those empty two years brought me something else. 
Apart from all that, it was like I wasn't acting of my own volition. 
I always had this illusion—the strings that encompassed the sixteen years Ryougi Shiki had lived were controlling me like a puppet. But of course, it was none more than an illusion. 
No matter how much I cursed myself for being empty and fictitious, in the end, I was moving of my own will. It is impossible for anything else to interfere with that.
When I finished changing, the time was almost eleven. 
I rewound the first message on the answering machine, repeating the voice that I had heard many times in the past. Despite being once lost in the air, this was how it still retained its form, like an audio recording.
...Kokuto Mikiya—the last person I saw two years ago—the classmate whom I first opened my heart to two years ago.
I certainly had memories of him, but within my memory was missing the snapshot of our last moment together.
Not only that, throughout the memory of the year I got to know him there were full of holes, and it lacked the important details. 
Such as why Shiki got in that accident.
Or why Mikiya was there at that moment.
How handy would it have been had my forgotten memories been recorded. Those missing details made it difficult for me to talk to Kokuto Mikiya normally.
The rewind came to a stop. 
Whenever I heard his voice my worries went away a bit, it made me feel like I had a support holding me steady; it was quite fascinating. But when you think about it, how could a voice act as a form of support? 
That, too, must have been an illusion. 
No, most definitely, it was an illusion.
The only reality there was for me was the burning excitement inside of me when I committed murder.
◇◆◇

Ahnenerbe turned out to be an antique coffee shop. I went inside after making sure the German-written store sign matched up.
There were surprisingly few customers for an afternoon. I didn't know the full design of it, but the store's interior was dim. The only bright area was where the front tables sat, while the back of the store with the counters was dark—the store's single light source came through the four square windows on the walls. As the light shed on the tables by the windows, they looked like they were rectangles cut from a sheet of black paper. Maybe it was because of the strong sunlight, but the contrast felt rather majestic. 
Kokuto Azaka was sitting at the table in the very back. There were two girls in western-style uniform waiting for Mikiya. They sat side by side.
"Two...?"
That's not what I heard. Mikiya never mentioned another girl. There should just be Azaka.
I had my eyes on them as I approached their table.
The two girls both had long straight black hair. Being similar in their features, they had a certain calming demeanor and intellectual beauty that were fitting for someone from a Girls Academy. However, they gave off the exact opposite image.
Azaya's eyes reflected a tenacity which her ladylike front could not hide—a strength that could face against any challenges. If Mikiya was adored for his virtues, you could say that Azaka possessed an admirable toughness.
On the other hand, the girl sitting next to her seemed rather frail. In spite of her posture which was with dignity and grace, she gave off a weakness akin to a twig that was about to break. 
I approached to their table and called, "Hey, Azaka." 
Azaka looked at me in the eyes and frowned.
"Ryougi... Shiki," Azaka whispered my name with a faint hostility. Her perfect ladylike exterior ended up being a façade. "I am waiting for nii-san. You have no reason to be here," said Azaka while maintaining her coolness. Her words had a sting to them.
"I have a message from that nii-san of yours, says he can't make it. Looks like he ditched you."
Azaka gasped. I wonder if she was shocked because Mikiya broke their promise, or me being the one to come tell her that.
"It must be your doing, Shiki...!" Azaka's fist trembled. I guess it was the latter.
"Don't be stupid. I'm a victim, too. He just pushed it on me to tell you that he can't make it."
Azaka looked at me with fiery eyes. The other girl tried to calm her as though she might start throwing things.
"Um, Kokuto-san, everyone's surprised," she said. Her voice sounded soft. 
I took a step back.
"…right, didn't you say you had something to discuss with me? Sorry Fujino, it was unreasonable for me to get angry." Azaka apologized to the timid-looking girl whose name was Fujino. I then looked at her.
She was looking back at me. 
"Does it.... not hurt?" I said unconsciously. 
The girl did not answer and kept staring—with a lack of interest as if watching a scenery—a lifelessness resembling insects. 
I had come up with two convictions: a gut feeling telling me she was an enemy, and the actual feeling that says otherwise.
"...No, it can't be you."
In the end, I trusted my feeling. 
This girl would never find pleasure in murder. There was no reason for her to.
And besides, it would be impossible for her delicate arms to tear off human limbs, although it would be a different story if she had abnormal eyes like me. 
I lost interest in her and spoke to Azaka, "That's all. Anything you want me to tell him?"
"Yes. Tell him, ‘Nii-san, please quickly break ties with this woman.'" Azaka said seriously so. 
◇◆◇

"Nii-san, please quickly break your ties with this woman," said Azaka with a straight face to the kimono-wearing girl—Shiki.
Although just exchanging gazes, there was an indescribable tension between them that made me feel uneasy. It was like they were holding knives at each other's throats and prepared to strike the instant they saw an opening.
I became timid under that suffocating air. The best I could do was praying that nothing would happen. 
Fortunately, the conversation stopped then. The girl in her beautiful orange tsumugi kimono left with such a swooning grace. I was looking at her back as she faded into the distance.
Shiki spoke with a very masculine tone. I couldn't tell her age because of that, but if I had to guess she was probably around my age. 
Ryougi… would it be that Ryougi family? If so, that would explain her expensive-looking tsumugi. Traditionally, tsumugi kimono are a casual outfit, but the fine crease on her kimono appeared to be more modernized. If she was a Ryougi it would be no surprise that she had her own kimono maker.
"....how pretty." I murmured. I guess so, said Azaka. I thought she was amazing to be able to give her honest impression of someone she hated. 
"But she is just as scary. I don't like that person." I said.
Azaka looked surprised. Her reaction was completely natural; even I was surprised. After all, it was probably the first time I felt repulsion toward someone.
"I couldn't have imagined you hating somebody," said Azaka. "I guess I'm still naïve."
"Hate...?"
I wouldn't say my dislike is on the same veins as hatred. I just felt I couldn't get along with her.
I began to close my eyes. 
Ryougi, Shiki. 
I could see her ominous black hair, ominous white skin, and those ominous, bottomless, empty eyes.
She was looking at me.
So I looked back at her. 
Thus, we saw what was hiding behind us. 
She only knew blood. She killed of her own will. She hurt others of her volition. That woman was a murderer.
But I'm different. Well, I believe have a reason for it—I had never wanted to do something like that myself.
I'm different, I'm different, I repeated to myself in the dizzying darkness behind my closed eyes. We had not talked even once, but her figure was engraved into my mind.
"I'm sorry, Fujino. I ruined your day off, didn't I." I opened my eyes to Azaka's words. I made my practiced smile.
"It's all right. I wasn't in the mood for it anyway." I said.
"You do look quite pale. It's hard to tell because you're pretty white to begin with."
I nodded, although that wasn't what bothered me. I knew my body wasn't well from its dull reaction, but I didn't think it was bad enough to show on my face.
"Well, don't you worry." Azaka said. "I'll ask Mikiya myself. Do you want to go home for today?"
Azaka was worried about my health. I thanked her.
"Is it okay to leave such a message to your brother?" I asked.
"It'll be fine. I don't even know how many times I told him that anyway. He should be used to it.
"Honestly, it's kinda like a curse. When you repeat things over and over again reality can twist in a way so that what you say actually becomes true. Childish, isn't it? It's all so silly, or maybe even a bit pitiful."
I wasn't sure if she really meant it, but that's what she explained to me in all seriousness. As I had gotten used to her unpredictability, I quietly let Azaka speak to me in her clear and beautiful voice.
Having scored top ten in the nationwide mocking exam, Kokuto Azaka was the number one student at our school, Reien Academy. She was also kind of weird and had this gentlemanly side of her.
Azaka was my only friend at Reien. Both of us got admitted to the Academy while we were in high school. Because Reien followed an escalating model where its students began attendance after elementary school, there were few other students like us who transferred from a high school, so this was how we met. We sometimes hung out together on holidays. 
I was supposed have her brother look for someone today. 
In my freshman year at a local middle school, I met a senpai from another school who approached me. 
I had been depressed about what happened recently, but whenever I started thinking about him I felt hopeful.
After I opened up to Azaka and told her about this senpai, she said, Let's go find him! Her brother happened to go to this middle school as well, and knew a lot of people in the area. She said he was really good at looking for people at our age.
I wasn't too keen on seeing this senpai, but I couldn't say no to Azaka's pressure so we decided to find him. Which is why we'd been waiting here to see her brother, but sadly, he couldn't come.
Honestly, I was kind of relieved.
The reason why I wasn't in the mood to see senpai was because I already ran into him two days ago. Then, I was able to tell him what I couldn't three years ago.
There was no point in finding him anymore. I had already done what I wanted to do. Maybe Azaka's brother couldn't come because God knew I no longer needed to see him.
"Let's get going. It's weird to stay this long when all we bought was tea." Azaka got up. It was admirable how she could act with such grace even when her brother broke their promise.
I found her to be manly at times, it may be due to her terse speech. Whenever she dropped her formal tone like this Azaka could be as charismatic as a man. I'm not saying that she was acting innocent on the surface; that's just the way she is. 
I thought dearly of this friend of mine.
So this shall be our last time seeing each other.
"Azaka, could you go back to dorms? I will be staying at my parents' house tonight again."
"Are you sure? I'm personally fine with that, but Sister will start giving you the looks if you stay out too much. You should restrain yourself." Waving her hands, Azaka left the coffee shop. I was by myself.
Then, I took a glance at the store sign. It wrote, "Ahnenerbe". The word meant "ancestral inheritance" in German.
◇◆◇

After we'd parted, I began to wander aimlessly.
I wasn't going to go back to my parents' house. That was a lie.
There was no place for me to go back to now. I had not been going to school since that night from two days ago. They had probably contacted Father about my unexcused absences.
If they saw me my parents would've probably asked what I had been doing these past few days. I'm not good at telling lies so I might slip everything out, and if that happened… Father would disdain me.
I am my mother's child from her former marriage. Father only needed mother's house and land so I was just something on the side. That's why I worked hard in order to not stir any hatred in him. 
To become a faithful woman like my mother, a student my father can take pride in, and a normal girl who would raise no suspicion—I—I always wanted things remain that way. But I wasn't doing all of this for anyone's sake. No, this was the ideal world that I'd come up for myself. I yearn for such reality, and it had been protecting me.
But that world had come to an end. That sort of magic was nowhere to be found. 
I continue walking, the sun was starting to set. 
Among my leisure path was a sea of traversing people who I couldn't care less of, and the many insensibly blinking stoplights.
People older than me, people younger than me—they all looked so happy. 
My heart contracted in pain. 
I thought to pinch my cheek. 
…I did not feel anything. 
I pinched harder. 
…Nothing. 
I let go of my hands and noticed my fingertips were red. I guess I'd pinched hard enough that my nails dug into my skin. 
Yet, I still felt nothing. I did not feel that I was alive.
"Hehe..." I laughed, thinking it was funny. 
Why does my heart feel pain when I myself do not feel any pain? 
First of all, what is the heart? Is it my heart that hurts, or my brain? 
When the brain receives offensive speech directed at Asagami Fujino personally, it aches as a safeguard, letting her know that those words are supposed to hurt. Like a remedy to soothe the pain, the brain may come up with rebuttals, advocacies, and verbal abuse. 
That's why even though I cannot feel pain, I still understand pain with my heart. 
But that's probably just an illusion.
It definitely is an illusion. Real pain cannot be cured with just words. 
One quickly forgets a pain in their heart because it is something so trivial; but a wound on your body gives you pain as long as the wound is there—it is a definite proof of life.
If my heart is my brain, then my brain should hurt.
And thus I should be able to feel pain, like my days up to now. 
If only the memories of the days I was violated by those young, juvenile boys became a wound—

Those unpleasant memories came back at me.
The memories of their laugher, their scary looks.
The memories of the times where they abused, berated, and raped me.
When the man with a knife on him jumped on me, the stomach area of my clothes got ripped off; my stomach began to feel like it was burning; it started to bleed. At the time, I thought I was about to get stabbed, and reacted violently. 
After I'd finished them off, I realized the burning in my stomach was a pain. 
My heart shrunk once more. 
I won't forgive them, those words repeated in my head over and over.
"Guh..."
My knee wobbled. 
Here it comes—the burning in my stomach. 
It felt like there was an invisible hand clutching at my insides.
I felt like vomiting—I wouldn't normally feel this way. 
I felt dizzy—I would normally faint.
My arm felt numb—I would normally confirm it with my eyes.
It hurt a lot.
Ah, is this what it feels like to be alive?

The place I got stabbed was starting to hurt. The pain of a wound that should have healed suddenly returned.
A long time ago mother said that healed wounds don't hurt. But that is a lie. The wound made by that knife was still hurting me even after it had healed. 
And yet, mother, I'm in love this pain. For me who has never once felt alive, there is nothing else that makes me feel more alive than this sensation. This remaining sense of pain was not an illusion.
"I have to look for him quickly." I murmured, my breathing was rough.
I had to get my revenge. I had to end his life—the one who got away.
I didn't want to kill him, but if I didn't people would find out that I was a murderer. After all my efforts of obtaining this sense of pain I couldn't let that happen. I didn't want to stop feeling this pleasure of being alive.
I dragged this body that hurts every time I move it toward their hangout place. 
I cried at the remaining sense of pain in my stomach. 
But even now, that discomfort is lovely.

/3

After we'd parted, I returned to my place. As night approached I would go out on the town.
There had been five people killed so far, four of them were in that basement bar two days ago, another was at a construction site last night according to Touko. Aside from the four killed two days ago, the last murder doesn't seem to share any common link. 
But you can't just assume that none of them had anything to do with each other. Mikiya once said those that hang around at night know other guys that are like them, so maybe there's a chance those four and the one killed last night know each other.
"That girl..."
I suddenly recalled the girl who was with Azaka. That aura of death creeping out of her like capillaries. 
As I had not been used to my eyes yet, I saw those unprepared. That thing was abnormal, probably even more abnormal than I am. 
But the girl herself was normal. 
She smelled of blood, and she had eyes like mine that made her seem unaware of the boundary she was standing on. 
She must surely be my prey, but I still cannot be confident in myself. 
The girl had no motive. She had no reason to kill for pleasure like I do, not possessing a dark side that takes pleasure in murder.
To take pleasure in murder... What would Kokuto Mikiya think if he were to hear that? 
Would he scold me, saying that murder is bad?
"Fool." I got fed up, but at who? At myself? Or at Mikiya?
He told me I was the same as before, so apparently I was no different from before the coma. If that was the case, had I always taken these night walks? Had I always been this psycho who actively looked out for someone to fight till death?
".........."
No, that wasn't it.
Shiki didn't have such preference. Okay, to be more precise, she did, but it wasn't something on the top of her priority list.
Which means this is SHIKI's sensibility, who was that of the man, Ryougi SHIKI - the yang; inside the woman, Ryougi Shiki - the yin. 
I dwelled on my conclusion. 
I used to have him inside of me, but he was not there anymore. He was dead, meaning this desire to kill could only belong to me.
As Touko said, this job is just for me. Look at how happy I am, so eager that I was allowed to freely kill someone. 
The time was near midnight.
I took the train and arrived at a station I rarely visited. 
From this sleepless, noisy town, 
I could see a large port in the distance.
◇◆◇

After we'd parted, I changed my destination. 
I don't know where the last one would run to, but I think there is a way to look for him. 
The only ones directly involved with me were the four that I killed, and him. However, they had brought me to places in the past. If I went to those places and asked about him, I should be able to find out where he escaped to. They couldn't rely on the police or the school, so the only ones they could depend on were their kind. 
I held my burning stomach as I walked through the unfamiliar night town. 
I hesitated to enter such a sketchy red-light district at first, but such hesitations were now trivial to me as the pain and my memories of being violated tormented me.
At the third shop, I met a man who claimed to be an acquaintance of Minato Keita. He agreed to talk with me for a while. He had an unpleasant smile. 
The big building where he worked at got converted into a karaoke club. He snuck out of his workplace and told me of a spot we could go to for a chat. 
From my experience I could tell that he was about to take me to his buddies' hangout place. These types of people could sniff out the weak. With his artificially friendly front, this man must have seen me as an easy target.
He probably knew that the people in Minato Keita's group had taken pleasure in me. That's why he was able to take me out without a look of concern.
Even with knowledge of that I did not refuse to follow him.
This man, who was a few years older than me, was then heading to a quieter area.
I held my stomach as it started to hurt even more, and braced myself.
The time was near midnight. 
Cursing those days of violations, I followed this man.
From this sleepless, noisy town, 
I could see a large port in the distance.
◇◆◇

He could feel his good fortune. 
The man heard from Keita himself—he was boasting that his group was playing around with some girl from an all-girls school. It was Keita's routine to brag about all the things he did to that girl to satisfy his sexual desire.
But previously, the man himself had nothing to do with it.
He did not have any strong connections with Keita's group as they were from different areas. That's why he always listened to Keita's story with a kind of disinterest. 
But for that same girl to actually come to him!
A man's gotta take what's been granted to him—he decided to abandon his shift and took Fujino somewhere.
It wasn't that he was hungry for sex. To rape a single girl with three or four other guys was an ordinary occurrence for someone like him. 
There was another reason to his joy, a reason as to why he didn't call his buddies: Fujino was the daughter of the president of Asagami Construction. If he raped, her he could use that to blackmail and extorted a fortune from the company. Keita and his buddies were rather stupid when it comes to such matters. Maybe it was because their leader was stupid himself. Or was it the opposite—they didn't need the money precisely because they were smart.
Whatever. Who cares about that.
He was enthralled right now.
I better reap all of this myself, he thought, and did not contact his friends.
Asagami Fujino—the girl who came to ask about Minato Keita—was following him silently. 
It would be bad to take her to the usual hangout place. The man headed to the port's warehouse area. 
The darkened town was to approach midnight.
The area surrounding the warehouse was without a figure.
There were few streetlights. No one would notice them if he were to go in between the warehouses, although there were some things that would get on his nerve, such as the sound of waves, and the lights from Broad Bridge currently under construction on the other side of the water. 
Bringing Fujino into this darkness, the man finally spoke to her, "We should be good here. So, what do you want to know?"
The man figured that he should answer her question first. It was his philosophy to avoid attacking from the start. 
"Yes, would you happen to know where Keita-san is?" asked Fujino, looking down and holding her stomach. Her cleanly-cut bangs drooped down in front of her covering up her face.
"I haven't seen him lately. He doesn't even have his own place so he's been going around people's places. You won't be able to contact him either 'cause he doesn't have a cell phone."
"No—I can contact him."
"Huh?"
He was baffled by her words. She can contact him but doesn't know where he is? Has this girl gone crazy from being raped so much? Well, if that's the case, it should make things easier for him. But it was also true that he got disappointed, as he had expected more from her story. 
The man calmed down and said, "Well, if you can contact him, then just ask where he is."
"That's—Keita-san does not want to tell me where he is hiding. That is why I am going around asking his friends. Please answer me... I do not care if you know or do not know."
"Whoa, wait a sec. What do you mean he's hiding? Did he get into some deep shit?"
The man got irritated by the girl's strange choices of words. 
He's hiding... does that mean that the cops know about them raping Fujino? No, if that was the case, she wouldn't come here by herself. 
The man was thinking hard, but could not come up with an answer. After all, he had not seen the news.
"Well, whatever. But what do you mean you don't care if I know or not? Was that your intention to begin with? Using Keita as an excuse to find your new man or something?!"
The man laughed from his heart this time. 
I'm a real lucky some of a bitch. Probably could get the money without even threaten her. And besides, in normal circumstances he would not be able to obtain a beautiful girl like Asagami Fujino. A prize of money and beauty—what else can you call this but luck?
"My bad. I should have taken you to my place from the start. Or do you prefer this sort of place better, m'lady?"
The girl in the black uniform nodded and said, "But before that, please tell me if you know where Keita-san is."
"Hey, dumbass, you can quit your excuse for coming here. I wouldn't even know where that punk ran off to anyway."
The girl looked up with a satisfied expression. She was looking at the man with abnormal eyes.
There was no emotion in those amber eyes that glowed in spirals.

Something was unusual—about her.
"......?"
The man, oblivious to the madness before him, encountered something strange. 
His arm was moving on its own! 
His joint bent. His elbow stretched to about 90 degrees, and it kept bending and bending. And finally, it broke.
"W-What...?!" He let out an idiotic scream.
The fate of the man ended here. 
Certainly, he did have luck. And indeed, bad luck was a kind of luck.
In a dark alley where even moonlight could not shine upon, a tragedy began to raise its curtains.
◇◆◇

".........!!"
The scream sounded like a beast-like groan. 
The man's arms were no longer recognizable as arms. A puzzle ring... or a rubber band twisted around to make a model airplane fly. Either way, they had ceased to function as human arms.
"H-h-help...!"
The man was running away from the girl, who was standing right in front of him. 
In that instant, his body was lifted off the ground and his right leg was torn away at the knee, blood splashed as if someone had emptied a bucket full of such liquid. The blood splattered on the wall created something resembling an artistic craft.
Asagami Fujino kept watching over that thing with her glowing eyes.
"I-i-it's twi... twist-t-t-t-t-ed...!!! Haha… it's like a screw! My leg's turning into a screw, hehe—ahahaha…!!"
What is he saying? I don't really know, he must be stupid. Fujino decided to ignore those words.
"…bend," she murmured the same word she had been repeating all this time. 
Her friend had told her that when you repeat a word it becomes a curse. 
The man was on the ground, dragging his body with only his neck. Both his hands twisted, his right leg gone. The blood from his leg was wetting the ground. 
Fujino stepped into it. It's like a red carpet, her shoes sank into the red liquid. 
The summer night was hot and the humid air grabbed hold of her skin and it felt irritating. The blood in the air had a similar feeling.
"….hah." Fujino sighed as she looked down at the man who was squirming like a green caterpillar.
She hated herself for doing such a thing; but she also thought this is what she intended to do from the start. She knew from the way he acted that this man did not know what happened in that basement bar. But he would find out in time. Then, he would grow suspicious of Fujino for searching Keita. 
But that's okay. He planned on doing that to me anyway. Although indirect, this was part of Asagami Fujino's revenge. A revenge to those who violated her, and nothing more. However, her ability to violate far surpassed theirs.
"I am sorry.... but I have to do this."
The man's remaining left leg was ripped away, causing the last of the life remaining in him to be cut off as well. 
The remaining piece of flesh was twitching. Fujino looked down on it. 
Right now, she understood what he was feeling. 
Until now, she had never known. She could not have understood people's reaction to pain. But now that she knew pain, she could strongly sympathize with this man. 
That made her happy. To be alive means to feel pain.
"At last... I can be normal."
My pain, others' pain. 
I am the one who made him this way. 
I am the one that gave him those wounds. 
The proof that Asagami Fujino is superior. 
This is what it means to be alive.
That is…
To be this terrible being who has to inflict pain on others in order to feel the pleasure of living.
"Mother. Am I so ugly that I have to go this far?"
The irritation dwelled in her stomach became unbearable. 
Her heart started to beat rapidly.
As if there was a centipede running over her spine— 
"I—I never wanted to kill anyone…"
"You're wrong," said someone suddenly. Fujino turned around.
At the entrance of the alley between the warehouses stood a girl in a kimono.
With the port reflecting the dim moonlight behind her, Ryougi Shiki was there.

"Shiki… san?"
"Asagami Fujino... I see, you must have a connection with the Asagami God."
With light footsteps, Shiki took a step forward. The overwhelming smell of blood caused her to narrow her eyes.
"Since when...." said Fujino without finishing her sentence. She had already known the answer.
"This entire time, when you dragged that sack of meat out here," said Shiki coldly. Fujino felt a chill.
Shiki had seen it all. She saw it, but she still showed herself to Fujino. She saw it, but did not stop her. She knew this was going to happen, but simply observed...
This person is abnormal.
"Please don't call him ‘a sack of meat'. He is a human. And this is a human corpse." Fujino argued so in spite of what she was thinking inside. She felt Shiki had gone too far as to call that man a sack of meat, like she was degrading him to something lesser than human.
"Yeah, a human is still a human even when it's dead," said Shiki. "It doesn't become a sack of meat when it dies. But that's not a human death, is it? Humans don't die that way." She took another step forward. "Those who didn't die like a human can't be considered human. Even if the people you've killed are left with their head intact or their body unwounded, you can't consider them to have died a humane death—those removed from the boundary are deprived of all their meaning, so that thing is just a bag of flesh."
Suddenly, Fujino felt repulsion toward this person. 
Shiki was essentially stating that she and the corpse that resulted from her doing was abnormal—just like Ryougi Shiki, who was witnessing this tragedy with a straight face.
"No. I am sane. I am not like you!" Fujino screamed without a reason or basis. Shiki laughed, like it was truly funny.
"We are alike, Asagami," said Shiki.
Fujino said, "Don't be ridiculous."
Fujino stared at Shiki. The vision in her gleaming eyes began to distort. The "power" she had as a child was coming into effect.
But the power suddenly faded away.
"…?!"
Not just Fujino, Shiki was also surprised by what happened.
Asagami Fujino was surprised at her disappearing power.
Ryougi Shiki was surprised at the suddenly-changed Asagami Fujino.
"Again...? What the hell is up with you?" she said angrily. Shiki scratched her head as if everything had gone to waste.
"I would have killed you if you stayed that way, you were like that too at the coffee shop. Whatever. I'm bored. I don't care about you now."  Shiki walked away. The sound of her footsteps grew quieter into the distance.
"Go home. If you do so, we won't have to see each other again." She said, and disappeared. Fujino stood still in the pool of blood.
I'm back to my previous self. I feel nothing again.
Fujino looked down at the man once more. There was no remnant of the feeling that was in her before besides a sense of guilt numbing her brain.
What remained were the words Shiki left. Those accusative words saying that they were alike, that they were murderers.
"No. I am not like you," Fujino murmured like she was about to cry. 
Truthfully, Fujino hated murder. 
She was trembling at the thought that she would have to continue such an act in order to find Minato Keita. 
You can't forgive someone who has killed another person.
That was what she truly believed.
The pool of blood reflecting her face showed her forming a slight smile.