July 24th.
It had been a day since Kokuto Mikiya went to investigate Asagami Fujino, not much had happened during this time.  The only events worth bringing up were the upcoming big hurricane overnight, and a car crash off the road made by a 17-year old illegal driver.
At least, that was all that happened publicly. 
From the dim-lit office inside Aozaki Touko's building Ryougi Shiki was staring outside absentmindedly. The summer sky was so vast one would get tired from looking, and within the cloudless sky shone the bright, dazzling sun. It all seemed like one bad dream when you think about how this vast blue canvas was about to get consumed by the storm clouds later tonight.
There was an ironworks next to the office. Clang, clang, rang the tinnitus-like metallic sound.  As Shiki stood beside the window, the noise incessantly assaulted her ears.
Shiki took a glance to Touko. 
Touko was in a phone call. She had her glasses on.
"Yes, it is that incident—I see, so he was indeed dead before the crash. Is his cause of death strangulation? No? But wouldn't it be in the same vein? His neck was practically twisted, so it is the same as strangulation, regardless of how much force was put into it. 
"And how have you people treated this? A car crash accident? I see... That would seem right. Only the victim was inside the car; it is impossible even for the greatest detective to solve the mystery of a moving locked-room. No, that is all I need to hear. Thank you very much. I will be sure to repay you this favor, officer Akimi." Touko spoke politely and kindly as if there was no woman in this world kinder than her. It sounded so far off that anyone who had known her long enough would shiver. 
After hanging up the phone, Touko adjusted her glasses slightly to reflect those emotionless eyes.
"Shiki, we've got seven now—more than the murder spree from two years ago."
Shiki walked away from the window, reluctantly. She had wished to see the sky as it would be taken over by the stormy clouds.
"See? It gotta be meaningless murder this time," said Shiki.
"And so it seems. Minato Keita had no relation with Takagi Shoichi. This murder has nothing to do with her revenge."
In a white kimono, Shiki was gritting her teeth in anger. She put on a red leather jacket in an exaggerated manner.
"Okay. Then I can't wait any longer. Touko, do you know where she is?"
"Nope. I can come up with a few places where she might be hiding. If you're going to look for her, you'll just have to go look at all those places."
Touko took out a few cards from her desk and threw them at Shiki. She quickly grabbed them.
"What are these? ‘Asagami Business Group's personal identification cards'… Who is this Araya Souren guy?" asked Shiki.
They were all entrance cards to the construction areas in charge by the Asagami Business Group. Each of the card had a magnetic stripe on it, so one could assume that the type of lock was magnetic.
"That alias is the name of one of my acquaintances," explained Touko. "Our client asked me for a name to use for these ID cards and I couldn't think of a random one. Well, that doesn't matter. Asagami Fujino should be hiding in one of those places. Things will get messy. Finish this off before Kokuto comes back."
Shiki glared at Touko. Her usually hollow eyes became sharpened like a knife.
She directed a wordless annoyance at Touko but turned around without saying anything. 
Ultimately, they had the same opinion.
Shiki did not walk to the door any more differently than her usual graceful strides. Now that she was alone, Touko looked outside the window.
"Looks like Kokuto didn't make it, may the storm arrive or occur. Shiki by herself might not make it out alive, Ryougi," murmured the magus to no one.
◇◆◇

The weather gradually changed right around noon. 
The sky—once so blue—was now covered with clouds as gray as lead, the wind was becoming stronger. The storm is coming, clamoured the people walking about.
"Guh…" 
I kept walking, enduring the burning inside my stomach. The pain had reached to a point of no return. 
I didn't know there was supposed to be a storm today, but maybe it was because I was so caught up in trying to find him. 
Despite all the traffic there were fewer and fewer people out on the streets. It looks like I wouldn't be able to do what I'd planned for tonight. 
Just for tonight, why don't we call it a day, I thought.
After hours of walking, I had finally reached the port.
The sky was already dark. Despite the fact that it was only seven in the summer, the appearance of a storm could even disturb one's sense of time.
I moved my body forward—its reactions were lagging more as time went on—and arrived at the entrance to the bridge.
This bridge was the fruit of my father's heart and soul. It was a giant bridge connecting two ports: the one where I'm standing at, and the one on the other side. The bridge was a four-laned road, and beneath it built a pathway that resembled the sight of a remora tailing a whale. 
Part of the bridge's underground area was like a shopping mall. Although the area itself was floating above the ocean, it was still under the bridge. There's no other way to describe it but "underground".
I couldn't enter through the upper part of the bridge as there were guards, but there was no one at the entrance of the underground mall so anyone could enter if you had the access card to it. I pulled out one of the cards I found at home and unlocked the entrance.
...It was dark inside. Even though most of the interior design work was finished, there wasn't any electricity running yet. The empty mall looked like a train station that was about to close up for the day. Many different stores straddled the sides of the corridors which gave the impression that they were to stretch on forever. 
I walked for about 500 meters and ended up in a parking lot. The mall suddenly transformed into a forest with steel construction bars as its trees. The parking lot was still under construction so the surrounding was pretty messy. The walls were unfinished, and the tarps covering them were flapping under the wind.
It was about to turn eight.
The wind was strong. The sounds of the ferocious wind and sea were grating to my ear; hearing the intense rain outside that was striking the walls, I thought it was even fiercer than the machine guns I see in movies.
"Rain..."
It was raining on that day too. I remember washing the blood stains off in the warm rain after I had killed a person for the first time.
After that, I was able to meet him, who I met only once in middle school and who I only talked for the briefest of moments.
I still have memories about it, the sun was setting at that time. Towards the end of an event at my school I was left sitting on the schoolyard by myself. Then, a senpai from a different school spoke to me.
I was unable to walk around because of my sprained ankle. But because I was pain insensitive I could actually move around, and even if I moved my body when I wasn't supposed to, it had no effect on me mentally. However, my swollen ankle was warning that it would get worse if I started moving.
All I could do was watch the sunset, while feeling nothing. 
At that time, I did not call for help. 
I did not want to call for help. 
If I did, everyone would tell me things like, "You're so tough for handling that pain," or, "Does it hurt?" or, "Doesn't it hurt?" or, "Don't you think it's painful?" 
I was sick of it all. That's why I had decided to acted like everything was normal and just sat there. I was hellbent on not letting anyone know about my wounds.
My mother, father, teacher, friends—I had to keep it away from them. I had to let everyone think that Fujino was normal, otherwise I would probably fall apart.
Somebody tapped me on my shoulder. 
Although I didn't feel anything, I could hear the sound of it by my ear. 
When I turned around, he was standing there. 
The look on his eyes carried an ignorant kindness. If I have to guess, I had probably thought that he was aggravating the first time I saw him.
"Does it hurt?" he asked. I could not believe what I just heard. How did he know? I was trying so hard to hide my wound away.
I shook my head. I was being stubborn not to admit it. 
He looked at the name tag on my gym uniform and said my name. 
He then felt my sore ankle and made a sour face. 
I knew he was going to say something I would not like, so I closed my eyes. I didn't want to hear another person asking me if it hurt—those insensitive words coming from someone with normal senses.
However, he said something completely different, "Aren't you a dummy. Listen to me, okay? Pain is not something you should bear, but something you have to speak out, Fujino-chan."
These were the words senpai had told me when I was in middle school. 
He then carried me to the nurse's office and that was that. 
It was like a hazy dream. 
Come to think of it, Asagami Fujino might have fallen in love with him at that time. 
She might have fallen in love with that smile—the smile that cared to notice someone's suffering in silent.
"…ack."
My stomach ached, rousing me from my dream. 
There was no way someone like me could be dreaming when I was covered in human blood.
But perhaps the rain could wash away my impurity. 
I suddenly felt the urge to go up onto the bridge.
The storm was already here. It would be like having a tropical storm, out there on a bridge.
Somehow, I became excited.
I dragged my heavy body and went up to the slope in the parking lot. The pain was here to stay.
Asagami Fujino was going to go up onto the bridge. 
In order to be soaked in the familiar summer rain.
◇◆◇

The big bridge had just transformed into a shallow lake. The four lanes of asphalt were flooded with rainwater, so much so the water level would reach one's ankles. The shattering rain poured down at an angle, the wind was raging as if to knock the street lamps down like they were the trunks of a willow tree.
The sky was dark. 
What was here had long become one with the ocean.
As one would try to look into the city lights from the port, it would be like watching the moon from the ground beneath, so distant, and far, far away.
Asagami Fujino was then approaching into the middle of the storm. Her black, crow-like uniform blended into the night. She walked soaked in rain, breathing out from her now purple lips. 
It was when she had walked to a street lamp that she encountered the shinigami.
"I finally found you, Asagami." In the sea of storm, Ryougi Shiki stood dressed in a white kimono. The red leather jacket flapped in the wind, repelling the incoming raindrops.
She, too, was soaked wet; and appeared ghastly.
Shiki and Fujino both stood under the street lamp. Indeed, there were about ten meters of ground between them. It was bewildering that they could see each other and hear each other through the driving rain and the raging wind.
"Ryougi... Shiki," said Fujino.
"You should have just gone back home like I told you." Shiki said. "You're a beast that've known the taste of blood. You enjoy murder."
"…that is you. I do not enjoy murder."
Fujino, still breathing hard, stared at Shiki with a hostility—a desire to kill.
Fujino quietly covered her face with her left hand. Her eyes peeked from between her fingers, and flared. 
Reactively, Shiki held up a knife with her right hand. 
This was their third encounter.
I guess this is what they call "third time's the charm", Shiki thought and laughed lamely.
With her current state, Asagami Fujino was more than enough to be her prey. She said, "…I get it now. We really are alike. Yes—I can kill you as you are now!"
With those words, the two became completely unchained.