Shiki began to sprint.
Amid the pooling water and whirling torrent, the speed at which she ran was enough to put one in awe. The distance between them was ten meters apart. It would not take even three seconds to close that distance—enough time to bring Fujino's frail body to the ground and stab her in her heart.
But even such breathtaking speed could not match the speed of sight. 
Shiki had to close in on her target for her knife.
In contrast, Fujino only had to look at her target; those three seconds would be too late for her. 

"........."
Fujino's eyes were glimmering. 
A twist to the left with her left eye, a twist to the right with her right—using Shiki's head and left leg as the center points, Fujino twisted them at once.
Shiki immediately sensed the abnormal changes in her body. The moment she felt that invisible force upon her, she leaped to the side. But the effects of it did not weaken. 
Fujino's ability did not act like a projectile weapon. Even if one were to step further away, it would be impossible to escape from her powers whilst being in her sight.
Damn it!
It was then Shiki realized Fujino's ability was stronger than she had expected. 
She proceeded to run faster. As if to escape from her vision, Shiki ran in a circle around Fujino.
"Do you think you can get awa—" Fujino murmured, but then was astonished. 
Shiki did get away! 
Astonishingly, Shiki had jumped off the bridge down to the ocean. Fujino could hear the shattering sound of the windows.
Such athletic ability. Shiki went off the bridge and dove into the parking lot right underneath it.
"What an outrageous woman," said Fujino to herself, and laughed. Indeed, Shiki did get away, but Fujino was watching Shiki's left arm this whole time. She witnessed the sleeve of Shiki's leather jacket twisted. 
Fujino had just wrecked Shiki's left arm.
She then understood it was her who had the upper hand.
The pain in her stomach became worse by the second. 
Withstanding the pain, Fujino walked on the path leading to the underground.
She had to settle her match with Ryougi Shiki now, or else.

Darkness engulfed the parking lot. It became a lot harder to walk in the dark. In a way the parking lot was like a miniature town, thought Fujino amusedly; the metal poles and the stacks of materials were arranged like buildings.
A few minutes after following Shiki down here, Fujino regretted making this place their battlefield.
Her ability required her to see her target in order to pinpoint the fulcrum for her rotation. Even if Fujino knew Shiki was hiding behind a metal pole, only the pole would be bent if she could not spot her. When they were fighting on the bridge, in that slight instant Shiki was able to grasp Fujino's power. That was why she fled here, the one place where she had a chance of winning.
Fujino had realized how inferior she was when it comes to actual combat. 
But despite it all.
But even then, I am still stronger.

If she could not spot Shiki, the only thing she had to do was destroying everything blocking her view. 
Fujino spontaneously bent and knocked down every metallic pole that might get in her way. As she twisted each one and another, the pain in her stomach worsened and the parking lot began to shake more and more.
"You're one damned son-of-a-bitch, aren't you…!"
Shiki's voice echoed through the darkness. 
Fujino turned in the direction of the sound. 
The stack of materials Shiki was hiding behind were smashed into pieces. At that instant, a white figure dashed forward.
"…there!" Fujino's eyes got a hold on Shiki. The girl in the white kimono and red leather jacket ran toward Fujino with her bloody left arm sticking out.
"......!!"
Fujino hesitated for a moment, and bent. 
The sound of her bones cracking was audible—Shiki's left arm broke apart.
Her neck is next, but when Fujino tried to look in that direction, Shiki was already within range. 
The small glint from her knife could only be described as a flash of light. It was a shining swoop that left behind a lingering trace in the darkness. 
Shiki swung the knife at Fujino without hesitation.
However, the knife did not land on her target.
Fujino ducked, and avoided the knife that was aiming for the veins running within her neck, or did she? No, Fujino was just so happen to look away in that moment because she was afraid of Shiki; she became frightened by the cheerful look on Shiki's face as she was running at her with her broken arm.
"Tsk." Shiki repositioned her right arm after whiffing. Fujino frantically stared at Shiki's body
"…begone!"
Shiki's movement was faster than Fujino's scream. She decisively ran into the darkness. One should be surprised not at her athletic ability, but at her quick thinking in choosing to escape.
"...what a…" — Fujino murmured—"…person."  She was having trouble breathing, but it did not stem from the pain in her stomach. 
Fujino nervously checked the darkness around her—Shiki could jump from out of nowhere anytime. 
Fujino rested her hand on her neck. There was a slight scratch from Shiki's attack: a wound of about 4mm. The wound was not bleeding, yet it was difficult for her to breathe.
"I already broke one of her arms, so then why…"
…is she still going? Fujino whispered, unable to contain the fear surrounding her question. 
She would never forget that moment—the looks on Shiki's eyes as she dashed at her despite of her broken arm.
Shiki was enjoying herself. 
She is enjoying this situation where even I, the one with the advantage, am about to break apart under this stress. 
Perhaps, it was not a thing of pain for Ryougi Shiki to have her arm broken, but of happiness.
Fujino had not enjoyed murder so far. 
She did not want to kill anyone. 
But that girl was different. 
She found joy in being in a deathmatch—the more extreme the situation is, the happier she becomes. 
Fujino thought, if Ryougi Shiki was similar to herself, being someone who did not feel like they were alive, what would she do to make up for that? 
For Fujino, it was murder. When she sees other humans die, she gets this indescribable irritation. 
But since Fujino found out what pain feels like, she is able to sympathize the feeling of pain with others by inflicting pain upon them; having control over others makes her feel alive. In short, Fujino compensated her lacking with ruthless murder. Although she was not aware of it, it would be the same as taking pleasure in murder. 
So then, what would Ryougi Shiki do to make up for her lacking?
◇◆◇

"That was bad." Hiding behind a stack of debris, Shiki murmured to herself. Her left arm had lost its grip when it was twisted on the bridge and rendered useless. She had decided to use it as a shield and placed her bets on one decisive strike.
But her plan failed. Fujino was more cowardly than she had imagined. 
Shiki took off her jacket and cut away the sleeve. She smartly wrapped the garment around her left upper arm to staunch the bleeding, quite the crude treatment.
She could not feel anything from her twisted left arm. It would probably never function properly again. Shiki felt a chill at such a reality.
"This is great, Asagami. You're the best...!"
She could sense the hasty loss of her blood—the fading of her consciousness.
That doesn't matter, I'm hot-blooded anyway. If I lose some, it will just make me think more clearly.
Shiki began to concentrate.
Asagami Fujino might have been the strongest foe she would ever encounter—a single mistake could cost her life. 
And that is delightful to her. It makes Shiki feel that she is alive. 
For her, normally bound by her past, only this moment felt real; this sensation that she could only feel when putting her life in danger; this small life of hers that she could declare as her own. 
To kill or be killed. 
For someone like her who felt unreal while living a normal, Shiki could only feel alive by such primal methods. 
If Asagami Fujino seeks pleasure in murder, then Ryougi Shiki seeks the sensation of life through her desire for murder. 
The difference between the two became definite now.
Fujino's breathing vibrated in the air.
Roughly, strongly, painfully, as if in fear...
Like Shiki she was breathing hard, despite being uninjured.  
In the dark, their breathing came in unison.
Within the storm, the swinging bridge felt like a crib. 
Shiki—for the first time—felt an affection toward Fujino, so much so that she felt that it was her duty to end Fujino's life with her own hands.
"Yeah yeah, I know this is pointless to do."
She knew from the time she saw her at the café, that the inside of Asagami Fujino was on the verge of breaking down. It was meaningless to take such risks trying to finish off Fujino right now.
But that's life. 
Shiki believed some things would eventually come out of meaningless actions. 
She remembered Touko saying that humans are creatures exist do meaningless things. Shiki felt the same way now, just like this bridge. 
People decry one uselessness as stupidity while praising another uselessness as art. Where does the boundary lie? 
Such boundaries are uncertain. Although it is one who establishes that boundary, it remains that external influences are always the one determining it. Therefore, there is no such thing as a boundary to begin with. The world is bounded by boundaries of emptiness. That is why there are no walls in society to separate the abnormal from the normal.
Ultimately, the ones to make the wall are us. 
Like how I want to disintegrate from the world.
Like how Mikiya thinks I'm not abnormal. 
And finally, like how Asagami Fujino is fervently approaching death.
In that sense, Shiki and Fujino were alike. They were similar. And in this small space, there should only exist one of their kind.
"Time to head out. I can see the trick to your magic show now." Shiki shook her head which had become clear from the blood loss, and got up.  
She gripped the knife in her right hand firmly. 
If Fujino did not lay her own boundary, then she would just have to eliminate her.
Shiki slowly appeared in front of her. 
Fujino could not believe her eyes. Shiki was now facing right in front of her, and stood so far away, too. Fujino herself had not realized it yet, but her fever had surpassed thirty nine degrees. And she would never have learned that the pain in her stomach was a symptom of a "certain illness."
"Just as I thought. Something's truly wrong with your head," said Fujino. That was all she could have been lead to believe.
She stared into Shiki, and bent her. 
Her vision distorted. The fulcrum created on Shiki's head and leg each rotated in opposite directions and twisted Shiki's body like a piece of carpet.
…Which was what was supposed to happen.
Shiki, whose left arm was bleeding, nullified Fujino's distortion just by swinging the knife in her right hand. 
Or rather, she killed it.
"Tough to identify something invisible, but I can finally see it now," said Shiki. "Thanks for using your powers over and over again. Your power is a spiral of red and green, and honestly, it's—terribly beautiful."
Fujino did not understand the meaning behind her words.
The only thing she understood was that Shiki was surely about to kill her now.
She repeatedly prayed.
Bend, bend, bend, bend!
As Fujino continued to glare at her, Shiki swung her knife and eliminated Fujino's curses. 
The pain in Fujino's stomach was about to reach a critical point.
"Who, are you?" asked Fujino fearfully. With her depthless eyes, Shiki answered, "Everything has cracks—the atmosphere, time, a human's will, and, without saying, humans themselves. It is natural for there to be an ending if it has a beginning. You see, my eyes can see the death of things. They're special, just like those of yours." 
Shiki looked into Fujino with her black eyes. At some point Fujino had felt the omniety radiating from them. 
"That's why... as long as it's alive, even if it were God, I'll kill it." Shiki ran, as gracefully as if she were walking. She approached Fujino, pushed her down to the ground, and got on top of her. Fujino's throat trembled at facing Death so close to her.
"Are you... going to kill me?"
Shiki did not answer.
"Why? I only killed because my wound was hurting."
Shiki laughed, "Then why are you smiling? That time before, and even now; why do you seem so happy?"
Fujino hesitated. She quietly placed her hand over her mouth.
Without a doubt, it was distorted.
I had never been able to tell because I couldn't feel things.
But indeed was I smiling.
On my first murder—how did my face look in the pool of blood?
On my second murder—how did my face look in the pool of blood?
I do not know why, but I was always irritated by something. 
I was always irritated when I killed a person. 
Was that emotion... happiness? 
Because I could not feel anything even when I was raped, I went on to take pleasure in the murder of another human…?
"In the end, you were enjoying it. You like hurting others. That's why that pain would never go away."
If the pain were to go away, Fujino would have no reason to kill. The wound will continue hurting, for the sake of no one else but Fujino herself.
"Is that, the answer?"  murmured Fujino.
I don't want to accept something like that.
I don't want to think about something like that
I'm, different from you, so then—
"I told you, we are alike."
Shiki's knife moved. 
Fujino screamed at the top of her lungs. For everything to bend.

The parking lot shook like a great earthquake. The ocean in the middle of the storm appeared inside of Fujino's mind. Withstanding the burning in her brain, Fujino picked either side of the bridge as her fulcrum.
And bent.

◇◆◇

Bam.
A tumultuous roar could be heard, like the crash of lightning. The metal bars creaked; yelled. The ground tilted and the ceiling began to collapse. Fujino blankly stared at the building that was about to give way. The girl who was on top of her fell away as the world suddenly tilted. There was a storm outside, with the ocean below. If she fell without being able to grab onto something, she would surely die. Fujino took command of that body of hers that was even having trouble breathing. She told it that this place was going to collapse, so she had to get away from here. 
Dragging her nearly burned-out body, Fujino left the parking lot. The shopping mall was relatively free of damage, the square corridor now appeared like a rhombus. Fujino walked… or at least that's what she thought, and then fell. 
She could not breathe. 
Her legs would not move. 
Her mind went blank and she could not see.
The only thing that was there was intense pain inside of her. For the first time, Fujino thought that she was going to die. Why wouldn't she? The pain just hurt so much. It was unbearable.
She'd rather die than live on with this pain.
"…cough."
Lying face down, Fujino coughed out blood. She turned her body to the side, her mind fell into a daze. In her whitewashed vision, she can only make out her blood. 
The red blood—red vision. 
The setting sun seemed like it was burning... it always seemed like it was burning...
"No... I do not, want to die."
Fujino reached out her arms. If her legs did not move, she would have to use her arms. Dragging her body, she inched forward. She had to move, otherwise the shinigami would come for her. 
Fujino kept moving with every fibre of her body. The only thing she could sense was the pain. 
It hurts, it hurts, it hurts, those were the only words she could think about. After all this time she was able to obtain pain, yet it seemed ever so disgusting.
But it's just like they say. It hurts. It hurts so much that I wish to be alive.
I can't die like this. I have to live on, and do something with my life.
After all, I've not done a single thing. I've not left a single thing behind.
And that's just too depressing.
And too empty.
And too… sad.
But it hurts. It hurts so much that my will to live turns numb, and disappears.
It hurts. It hurts. It hurts. It hurts, it hurts… but even then…
While coughing up blood, Fujino kept on moving her arms.
She was repeating the same words.
For the first time in her life, Fujino wished ever so strongly.
It hurts—I want to live longer.
It hurts—I want to talk longer.
It hurts—I want to love longer.
It hurts—I want to stay here longer…
But nothing moved now. There was only the pain that kept aching. 
Truly, this was the true colors of her own pleasure. The reality of it hurt more than anything for Asagami Fujino.
At last she had come to understand the sins she had committed, the meaning of the blood she had spilled. And such meaning was too heavy for a person to repent. All she could think of was that kind smile.
If senpai was here, would he still carry me like he did?
Her body began shaking. The blood rolling up her throat announced the final pain that was about to come, and the shock from that erased the sight from her vision.
She could only see what was left in her.
No, even the vision of it was starting to fade.
Unable to bear the loneliness that came along with death, Fujino spoke. She spoke of her feelings that she had been hiding so stubbornly, spoke of a miniscule wish she had dreamed of since she was young.
"It hurts," said Fujino. "It hurts, senpai. It really hurts… it hurts so much… I, I might cry… Mother, is it okay if Fujino cry?"
Such was what Asagami Fujino had been yearning to say to someone.
If only I was able to say my true feelings on that day three years ago…
Tears fell from her eyes. It hurt so much; she felt so sad, so lonely, she could not help but cry.
Yet, a simple act such as crying helped ease the pain.
He had taught her that pain was not something to hold to oneself, but something to convey to the person whom loved them. 
I am thankful to have met him.
I am thankful to be able to see him one last time.
"Are you in pain?"
On the brink of death, Shiki stood beside her. Her hand was holding a knife.
Fujino turned over to face Shiki.
"Should've said so, if it hurt," said Shiki in her last moment—those same words residing inside Fujino's memories. 
Maybe I should, she thought. 
Even if I could say something like that from now on, I might not have come down this path. 
She began to have racing thoughts of an inconvenient, but normal life—alas, it was too late.
She had committed too many sins—she had killed the lives of too many people.
For the sake of her happiness she had then killed many people.
Asagami Fujino slowly stopped her own breathing.
Her sense of pain quickly disappeared.
So much so, that she did not feel the stabbing pain on her chest.
















Remaining Sense of Pain／5

As the storm was wreaking havoc on downtown, I returned to the office soaked in rain.
The first thing I saw entering the room was Touko-san dropping her cigarette. She said, "You're fast. It's only been a day."
"I heard a storm was coming and thought I better go back before the traffic halted."
I see, Touko-san nodded with a frown look. I wonder if I showed up at the wrong time. Regardless, there was something more important that I needed to discuss.
"Touko-san, about Asagami Fujino. She was not born with her pain insensitivity. She was normal until she was six years old."
"What? That can't be true. Look, even though she has pain insensitivity, it's not affecting her physical activities. If you say the pain insensitivity came after she was born, a hollow spine would be the cause, but that causes problems with physical activities. While she only lacks the sense of pain, so a rare case like hers could only mean that she was born that way."
"Yes, that's what her personal doctor said, too."
I wanted to tell her what happened in Nagano from the beginning, but there was no time for that. Instead, I gave her a quick rundown on the Asagami family, or rather, the other Asagami family
"The Asagami was a respected family in Nagano, but they went bankrupt when Fujino was around twelve years old. Her mother took Fujino to what is now the Asagami family, which is apparently a branch from the main family. That branch took care of the debt they had out of greed for the land belonged to the main family. Fujino had her sense of pain when she was little, but with it, she also had a strange power. They say she could bend things without touching them."
"…go on."
"Back home she got treated as the child of the devil, and was detested by her family. She suffered terrible treatments from them, too. But when Fujino turned six, the power had disappeared along with her sense of pain."
"...."
Touko-san's expression changed. Her crooked mouth that was forming an ironic smile was all I needed to sense her excitement.
"After that she got a personal doctor, but there is no record of that at the Asagami house. That place is empty now."
"The hell? You can't just stop there. I thought we're about to get to the meat of it!"
"Of course not, I went to look for the personal doctor and talked to him."
"…you sure got the wits, Kokuto."
"Yes, I followed the tracks left in the records and went all the way to Akita; the personal doctor is an unlicensed underground doctor, so it took me a whole day to get the story out of him."
"...I'm amazed. If you get fired from here you should become a detective. I'd even hire you as my personal detective."
I replied, saying I'll think about it, and continued on with my story.
"From what I can tell he only provided medicine. The doctor said he doesn't know why Fujino became pain insensitive and that it was her father's doing alone."
"Her father did it himself? Do you mean curing her, or giving her the medicine?"
I noted the subtle difference between the two, nodded, and said, "Giving her the medicine, of course. According to the doctor, Fujino's father had no intention of curing Fujino's pain insensitivity. Most of the medicine that the doctor provided was aspirin and indomethacin, so basically steroids. Based on his diagnosis he told me that Fujino probably had neuromyelitis optica."
"Neuromyelitis optica—Devic's disease, huh?"
Devic's disease—a type of myelitis that paralyzes your sense. Common symptoms include numbness in the lower legs, sensory paralysis, and deteriorating eyesight, which could also lead to loss of vision. This disease requires the patient to take steroids in their earlier stages, and those are what Touko-san mentioned before—adrenocorticosteroid.
"And so they used indomethacin to reduce the pain." Touko-san laughed. "I see. That would indeed make her like that. She's not inherent or posteriori—Asagami Fujino lost her senses artificially, the polar opposite of Shiki!" Touko-san said, and burst into an even more hysterical laugh. I startled a bit. She reminded me of the professor I met yesterday.
"Touko-san, what is this ‘indomethacin'?"
"It's a painkiller. Peripheral or not, pain occurs when the body detects life-threatening externalities. Then, the body generates algesic substance which stimulates the axon terminal to send signals to the brain, telling the body to do something or it'll die.
"You know what algesic substances are, right? Kinin and amin are examples of them, as well as arachidonic acid metabolites which strengthen the two. Drugs like aspirin and indomethacin suppress the prostaglandin, which is present in arachidonic acid. The pain caused by kinin or amin isn't much, so taking in a lot of indomethacin would soothe away most the pain." Touko sounded rather excited saying this. To be honest, these "Arachidon" and "Kinindon" things just sound like kaiju names out of a movie to me.
"So basically it's a medicine to erase pain?"
"Well, not directly. If that's all you want to do then opioid would do much better. You probably have heard of endorphin, right? Dubbed as the brain drug, that's what the brain secretes to ease the pain. And similarly, opioid dulls the pain in the central nervous system. …I guess none of this has anything to do with the subject.
"I see where this is going. Asagami Fujino's father decided to seal her power by sealing her senses; the Asagami is totally opposite of the Ryougi who tries so hard to produce an übermensch. And the sad thing is, that just made her power stronger—magi from in and around Egypt stitched their eyes shut to keep their mana within them, how is that any different from Asagami Fujino?"
I'd known what to expect from her, but I was still shocked by her words.
I knew already that the Asagami family had children with special powers like  Asagami Fujino—ones born with different channels. They detested those offsprings and tried to seal their powers by any means possible. 
The result of that—is pain insensitivity. 
In order to turn off that supernatural channel they would also have to seal away one's senses, which is why Asagami Fujino exhibited her power when she'd regained her sense of pain—along with her once lost senses.
"That's just horrible... The only way for her to stay normal is to be abnormal."
Indeed. Asagami Fujino had to bear the abnormality that is pain insensitivity in order to exist in our world.
But if she can't feel anything, she can't gain anything. She could only exist in this world as a ghost.
"Had she not felt any pain she wouldn't have to kill anyone…"
"Hey now, don't treat pain like it's a bad thing. Pain is good. It's the wound that's bad, don't get the two mixed up. 
"We as humans need pain, no matter how much it hurts. People can recognize danger because they feel pain. Do we move away from fire simply because it would burn off our hands? No. We can feel that it hurts, and then notice our burning hands. If that wasn't the case, we wouldn't know the danger of fire until our hands burn off. 
"It's right for pain to be painful, Kokuto. Those who don't perceive that cannot understand the pain of others. Asagami Fujino was hit in the back, which got her sense of pain back temporarily and in turns, she defended herself for the first time—thanks to pain she was able to understand that those youths were a threat to her. ...Still, it was overkill of her to, well, kill them."
... But Fujino did not feel pain. Those people died because of her defending herself, but it was also on them because they attacked her. You can't just make her bear all the responsibility.
"Touko-san, can she be cured?"
"There is no wound that cannot be cured—a cureless wound is simply death."  In a roundabout way, Touko-san declared that Asagami Fujino's wound was no longer a wound, but something spelling her death. The cause of these past murders is the stab wound on her stomach, so if that pain came back, if the we could figure out the cause of it, then…
"Kokuto, her wound cannot be cured." Touko-san said. "It will only continue to hurt."
"What?"
"She had no wound to begin with," said Touko-san something surprising.
 "Um... what do you mean by that?"
"Think about it. If you got stabbed in the stomach, could the wound heal by itself in a day or two?"
She—does have a point, but then… 
I didn't understand where Touko-san was getting at. The statement she just made contradicted everything we had been discussing so far.
"Like you investigating Asagami Fujino's past, I also investigated Asagami Fujino's present. She hasn't gone to any hospitals since the 20th. She didn't even go to the personal doctor that she sees secretly."
"Personal... what?!"
Touko-san frowned in amazement.
"...You know, you're good at searching for things but lack in insight. Look, the scariest thing for a pain insensitive person is something wrong with their body. Since they don't feel pain, they cannot know of any sicknesses they might have. As a result, they have a doctor look at them from time to time."
Indeed, she was completely right. So then, did Asagami Fujino's current parents not know of her pain insensitivity?
"The trigger was a trivial misunderstanding, Kokuto. Fujino was taken down by a guy with a knife and thought she was going to get stabbed. No, she probably was a millimeter away from getting stabbed; by then her powers already came back, so she was able to use them. 
"To twist or to be stabbed—the former was what happened first. As a result, the guy's neck got twisted off and his blood spilled onto Fujino's body. She must've thought that she had been stabbed in the stomach."
The scene Touko-san described vividly appeared in my mind. I shook my head as if to brush it away.
"But there's still something strange about it. If her sense of pain is back, she wouldn't make that kind of a mistake. She shouldn't feel any pain if she didn't get stabbed."
"The thing is, she had been in pain since the beginning."
….what now?
"Fujino's doctor showed me her medical record. She had chronic typhlitis, commonly known as appendicitis. I guess that is why she went to the doctor. The pain in the stomach is not caused by the knife, but rather an internal pain. Her pain ached from time to time. If her sense of pain returned right before being stabbed, she would surely think that she was stabbed. If you are raised not knowing pain, you wouldn't even make sure if the wound is there or not. Fujino would look at her stabbed stomach, and even if it didn't have a wound, she would think that the wound must've healed."
"So then, it's a misunderstanding all along?" I said weakly. 
"The wound itself is. But the truth doesn't change. She was at a dead end. It doesn't matter if the knife was there or not. Her only way out was to kill them. If she did not kill, she would have been killed, not her body but her mind. But unfortunately for her, Minato Keita got away. I don't think it would have turned out this bad if her revenge ended there. Like Shiki said it's too late."
Come to think of it, Shiki did keep on saying that. Why would it be too late? Is it because Fujino has committed murder? If so everything would've been already over for her at that moment. That's the one thing I couldn't understand.
"Why is it too late?"
"Shiki must have meant by her mental side. To her, the murder of those five boys would still be considered murder, but any more than that it becomes a massacre. There is no justification behind it. That is what Shiki was angry about.
"...Although Shiki has an aptitude for murder, that girl still understands unconsciously the importance of death. That is why she does not kill indiscriminately like Asagami Fujino—she cannot forgive Fujino for just doing as she wishes," said Touko-san.
Is Asagami Fujino really doing as she wishes? To me, it seems like she is running away desperately.
Touko-san continued, "But what I was referring to is her physical side. Typhlitis causes perforation in the bowel when left untreated and becomes peritonitis, bringing a level of pain incomparable to appendicitis. You could say it matches the pain of being stabbed with a knife. Then, one would start getting fevers and cyanosis, or may even receive shocks from lowered blood pressure. If it reaches the duodenum, you could die in half a day. It's been five days since the 20th, so it should already have perforated. I'm sorry to say this, but she's beyond help."
How could anyone say this with such an unfazed look?
"It's not over yet. We have to find her quickly...!"
"Kokuto, our client for this is Asagami Fujino's father," said Touko-san. "He must have known about Fujino's power. That is why he heard about the incident and thought it must be Fujino's doing. He requested that we kill that monster—the one person who can protect her wishes for her death. Listen to me, Kokuto. She has no salvation in any sense.
"And besides, Shiki already left."
"…you idiot!" I let out a scream to no one in particular.