As if a giant's hand had grabbed hold of it, the Broad Bridge was wrecked into pieces.
When we arrived at the scene on Touko-san's buggy, a guard stopped us and we argued for a while until I saw Shiki coming from underneath the bridge; one of her arms was soaked with blood. The guard ran up to her, but she did a judo move that knocked him unconscious.
"Yo. I figured you'd be here, somehow," said Shiki sleepily. Her face was pale.
I had countless things I wanted to tell her, but seeing how vulnerable and weak she looked I couldn't make myself to. I ran to help her. Shiki seemed to be really upset by that. She didn't even let me prop her up.
"I see that you made it out alive with just an arm," Touko-san said in surprise. Shiki glared at her, annoyed.
"She apparently gained clairvoyance at the last minute, Touko. If you let her be she'll seriously turn into some crazy strong psychic."
"Clairvoyance, huh? Certainly, if she adds such power to her arsenal, she'll be invincible—she'd be able to make a fulcrum even if you are hiding... Huh? If you leave her be...?"
"She went back to being pain insensitivity at the very end. How is that even fair? I couldn't kill her like that, so I just killed the disease in her stomach. She might make it if you hurry."
Shiki did not kill Asagami Fujino.
The moment I registered that fact I immediately called the hospital. Whether they were coming or not was one thing, but if they won't, I'd just take her there myself. 
Fortunately, it didn't take long for her family doctor to say yes; I could hear him cry over the phone. Apparently, he became concerned about Fujino when she disappeared. I was glad to know there were still people on her side, even if it was a selective few. Behind me the two of them were having quite the nerve-wrecking conversation.
"Did you stop the bleeding on that arm? It doesn't seem to be, at least."
"Yeah, I killed it 'cause it was useless. Surely you can make an arm, right, Ms. self-proclaimed puppet master?"
"Very well. That will be your pay for this job. I always thought that your body was too normal in contrast to your eyes. Your new left arm should be able to grab hold of spirits and such."  
…I was hoping you two wouldn't delve into those sorts of talk here.
"The ambulance is going to get here." I said. "Should we leave? I think we'll get into some trouble otherwise."
Fair point, Touko-san nodded. Shiki, however, kept silent. ...I guess she wanted to make sure that Asagami Fujino got sent to the hospital properly.
"I'm staying since I was the one who called them. Later I'll talk you the details, so you can leave now, Touko-san."
"In this intense rain? You sure are strange. All right, let's go back, Shiki."
Shiki refused Touko-san's offer. Touko-san smirked and went in her off-road buggy, which seemed totally illegal.
"Shiki, don't make Kokuto your new prey just because you couldn't kill Asagami Fujino." Touko-san said with a serious tone, laughed it away, and drove off.
In the summer rain, Shiki and I ended up seeking shelter in the nearby warehouse.
◇◆◇

The ambulance arrived in no time and carried Fujino off. In this storm it was hard to make out her face, so I couldn't tell if she really was the same girl I'd met that night. But I think that's for the best. 
Shiki blankly stared into the night. She looked like she could catch a cold from being soaked by all that rain.
Her eyes were glaring at Fujino until the very end. I decided to ask for her thoughts.
"Shiki, you still can't forgive her?" I said, my voice washed away by the sound of rain.
"…I don't care. I've already killed her once," replied Shiki firmly. There was no hatred, or anything behind that answer—Fujino must've already been a stranger to her. I thought it was sad considering everything that happened, but that may be the best for these two. 
Shiki casted a glance at me and asked, "You think murder is wrong no matter what, so what do you say?" 
It sounded like she was asking herself. I said, "…I do think murder is wrong, but I sympathize with her regardless. To be honest, I couldn't care less that the guys who raped her got killed."
"Huh. I was dead sure you were gonna say something super cliché."
…Do you want me to judge you, Shiki? But why would I? You didn't kill anyone.
"Really? This is just my opinion, but even though she lost sight of herself, Asagami Fujino is still a normal girl, Shiki. She couldn't simply lie to herself and run away from the reality of what she's done. Even if she does give herself up to the police, no one can prove what she's done and she won't be publicly and socially responsible for her sins. That's what makes it more difficult." 
"Why?"
"…I believe that punishments are things people willingly burden themselves with—when one commits a sin, one casts a burden on themselves based on their sense of morals. That is what a punishment is.
"The more compassion you have, the heavier a burden your punishment becomes. The more common sense you have, the heavier a burden your punishment becomes. Asagami Fujino's sins become heavier and more painful the more she tries to live a happy life."
Softie, said Shiki.
"So then, are you saying that anyone who lacks compassion isn't aware of their sins?"
"Mm, I wouldn't say they're completely oblivious. It just means that to them such sins are lighter to bear, but they're sins nonetheless—a small sin within their small scope of compassion. (For us it might seem trivial, like tripping on a road; but for that them it becomes a burden. Even the small pain for us can become unpleasant for those with a faint compassion. No matter the weight, a sin is still a sin."
On the brink of insanity Minato Keita had been living in fear upon the realization of his sins—being the only one survivor. He could not atone for his regret, his guilt, his fear, or distress; all he can do is try to atone for them.
"Certainly, one might be at ease if one's sins are not deemed by anyone else. But if no one punishes you for your sins, you have to carry them yourself. A guilty conscience is not something that goes away, right? The memories of it are always there, lingering. Since no one ever forgave you for it, you cannot forgive yourself. The wound in your heart never heals and will only keep aching—like her sense of pain remaining, the wound would never heal. As you say, a soul does not have a physical form. If it ever carries a wound, then that wound could never be treated."
Shiki listened to me silently. I was being unusually poetic here, it must've bene because I looked up Fujino's past.
Shiki suddenly left the cover of the warehouse and went out into the rain.
"Basically, what you're saying this: the more common sense you have, the more you're aware of your sins—therefore, no one is truly evil. But I don't have anything noble like that, so could you allow someone like me to roam around freely?"
Now that she said it, Shiki did bring up a good point. Before you can judge her to be good or evil, you have to consider the fact that she has a hazier concept of common sense than the average person.
"Hm, I suppose so. If that's the case I'll just have to bear all your sins, then," I said my honest thoughts. That seemed to have caught Shiki off guard, as she kept standing there dumbfounded. After standing underneath the rain for a while, Shiki then looked down. Her face was disturbed.
She said, "...I remember now. You used to say those kinds of jokes with a straight face. Honestly, it was hard for Shiki to deal with that sort of stuff."
"....Sigh, I see. I do think I can at least carry one girl on me, you know," I refuted timidly. Shiki laughed, seemingly enjoying herself, and said, "I'll confess one more thing. I think I've carried a sin this time, but in return, I've discovered my desires, my way of living. It's something unclear, and incredibly fragile, but either way I'll have to cling onto it for now—and that something turns out to be not as ugly as I thought it'd be—and that makes me a bit happy. It's a small, small murderous impulse for you—"
...I could only frown at the last thing she said, but I thought Shiki looked beautiful as she smiled against the rain. The storm should go away by morning.
I stood gazing at her, who was surrounded by the summer rain. Come to think of it, this was the first true smile she'd shown me ever since that coma.

Remaining Sense of Pain Fin