／Commentary (by Ayatsuji Yukito)

The first time I had heard of the name "Nasu Kinoko" was three and a half years ago in the spring of 2004. In Kodansha's May publication of Mephisto, "Overlooking View" was printed as the introductory chapter of the novel and dubbed, "a stunning preview". That's when I became aware of the author.
My first unfiltered impression was, "Nasu? Kinoko? Hm, what a strange penname." And I wasn't sure how to read one of the characters in the book's title, 空の境界. I thought, "Is this supposed to read 'Sora no Kyoukai'? Or is it 'Kuu no'?" I then read the furigana and finally learned that you were supposed to read it as "Kara no". Basically, I remember being somewhat taken aback by the penname and title.
At the time I knew close to nothing about Mr. Nasu Kinoko or his work, "Kara no Kyoukai". It wasn't until I had received a letter titled "The force connecting the 80s and 90s denki genre" from Mr. Kasai Kiyoshi that I learned that Mr. Nasu was behind the PC sound novel "Tsukihime" (denki describes stories that are mostly set in our reality, but carry some supernatural elements). I had vaguely heard about the title before, but sound novels were a category I had almost no knowledge of. Of course, this also means I was not aware that Nasu Kinoko was the writer for the game at all.
And thus…
I decided to give that "stunning preview" a read with a casual curiosity.
My honest thoughts, then, were as follow:
"You know, this is kind of badass."
A badass heroine, badass quotes, badass setting, description, general idea—the author wrote in such a badass and as true to his spirit as he possibly could without acting humble or putting on some weird front—and he was darn good at it, too. It was honestly a pleasant read.
You might think that I take the work lightly by using words such as "badass", but indeed, I do not intend to imply such meanings when I say this. To be able to write badass text in such a badass way can be, or rather, it is certainly a difficult feat.
After finishing just "Overlooking View"—which is better described as "the first episode of a lengthy saga woven in the form of a series of medium-length stories"—I was still unable to grasp the story's whole look, or its general setting (As I will state later, the story is intentionally written in this way). The writing style had a unique quirk to it, and if I had to describe it it would be more on the less approachable side. You could say that the genre falls into denki, but what would the work be like in its final form? What are the intents of its author? However, such was the extent of my interest at the time.
And not for long, "Kara no Kyoukai" was published under Kodansha under a gaudy blurb, "A masterpiece among masterpieces! The work that defines the rise of a new denki movement!". In its beginning the novel was posted on a blog in the previous century, later became self-funded into a physical work sold at Comic Market events and began to gain traction. The novel entered the commercial market with its content almost unchanged and right away Mr. Nasu made a big name for himself as more and more copies got printed. Though, I did not think about reading the book just yet.
As a reader I was an avid fan of denki science fiction, denki action and such—works written by writers from the likes of Hirai Kazumasa and Hanmura Ryou to Yumemakura Baku and Kikuchi Hideyuki. But, even when I heard about the "new denki movement" it was not something close to my own self interests. So naturally, I was not particularly motivated to pick up the book from the shelves.
However, one day came a request from a Kodansha editor asking if I could do a talk with Mr. Nasu from the "Mephisto" magazine. Around that time, I had just published "The Dark Mansion Murders" from the same Kodansha department.
For what? I thought quizzically and asked. Apparently, Mr. Nasu was a fan of the so-called "new-gen serious mystery novels", and listed Kikuchi Hideyuki, Kasai Kiyoshi, and me, Ayatsuji Yukito as his big three influences. As the publication of "The Dark Mansion" went smoothly, I thought it wouldn't be a bad opportunity to meet up with him.
I thought, Oh huh, isn't he like… and was reminded about the fact that in that preview of the book Mr. Kasai wrote something along the lines of "carrying the influences of the new-gen serious mystery genre" (in the fall of last year published the first entry of Faust, which featured a three-man talk by Kasai Kiyoshi, Nasu Kinoko, and Takeuchi Takashi. Unfortunately, I had not read it at this time). In the end, the talk went on to actually happen.
And then.
I decided to read "Kara no Kyoukai", all of it. This time I didn't approach it with the casualness as I did in the past, but with a slightly more intention about going about it.
I started reading it, finished it, and found that as I was at a loss for words, I became very much impressed.
Just as I thought, this is kinda badass.
And to think that every single little detail crafting this lengthy novel was meticulously thought out!

The various widgets that formed the "meat" of the story and the worldview at its core, the level of the setting created within the story, such and such… were indeed, as you may call it, "denki".
The main heroine Ryougi Shiki originally carries a male serial killer split personality named with the same reading but different character, which is given birth upon the superhuman gene that runs in the Ryougi bloodline. Towards the end of her first year in high school she then encounters a traffic accident and enters into a coma. After waking from her two-year long coma she realizes that her other personality SHIKI has disappeared, and in return she gains "the Mystic Eye of Death Perception"—an ability that allows her to see the death of all things. In this world exists magic, spells, and the people who practice them. Plenty of bizarre incidents occur that involve the paranormality of the laws and physics of the world; and the epic battle between a formidable magus who lives for more than two hundred years and Shiki and others form the weaving threads of the story.
Yeah. If you were to define its genre, the first thing that comes to mind is definitely denki. However, while that may be the case at the same time the work can definitely be thought to carry influences from attributes of a new-gen novel.
As a result, you get something whose fundamental trait seems to stray from the many denki novels that have been written before it, forming a hybrid-type work which carries its own unique charm. If so, does that mean the "new" from "new denki" come from "new-gen"? or so I thought jokingly. It kind of made me grin a bit.
As we get back from the previous point, my talk with Mr. Nasu happened in late October of this year (it is published on Mephisto's serialization in January, 2005). Although slightly long, I shall quote Mr. Nasu's comment as below:
"During my middle and high school year, I was reading denki novels such as those represented by Kikuchi Hideyuki-san. I wasn't just being an observer of novels, but also had attempted to write myself. However, the more I wrote I began to notice the limitations of action scenes in the written form. I also read manga so this was something I would often compare with—no matter how much I tried my best to express the type of denki action with just words, I always had to aim for more in order to compete with the visual arts of manga…. (omitted)… I was working my shift at a convenience store during midnight when this happened. I happened to see a shelved paperbook volume of "The Decagon Mansion Murders"… (omitted)… Until then I'd never read a mystery novel and was fascinated by the opening part… (omitted)… I went home to read it more thoroughly and found myself completely stunned. I never knew that novels had their own ways to portray fight scenes in a way separated from manga—not as a competitor, but as its own style. Since then I got sucked into the genre of mystery novels."
As the comment originated from our personal conversation I had to omit some parts. However, the reality was still that Mr. Nasu had been emotionally impacted by the work "The Decagon Mansion". What he felt to be "the one thing only made possible through novels" at the time of reading it must have referred to the main trick used in "The Decagon Mansion". Readers of the book must have understood what I am talking about here, but for those who aren't aware, it is referred to the "description trick" (aka "plot trick"), so to speak; and that is something we have to pay attention to.
As I am not writing this to discuss description tricks in details, we shall define them as such: a trap laid by the author through the mean of descriptions, targeted at the reader. Because this is something you can only do with paragraphs, if one were to replicate such tricks through the form of visual arts then one would often find that they immediately cease to be tricks. To put it differently, they are tricks which utilize the fact that print media inherently conveys less amount of information.
The trick laid in "The Decagon Mansion" may be considered to be terribly obvious, but with just that it must have left a strong impact on the young Nasu who had never read a mystery novel before. By the way, it is to be said that since then, the sea of books that Mr. Nasu had thrown himself into were the main genre of books published by Kodansha Novels, most of which were also written with the intention to employ such trick.
In any case, upon knowing the type of straightforward writing that is only possible through novels and its potency, Mr. Nasu had reflected to incorporate such technique into his denki works—his creation in which he had once felt the limitations of. And such was the birth of his first published work—"Kara no Kyoukai".
The description (or plot) trick employed in mystery novels can be explained using the following metaphor.
Imagine that all of the information and plot points that make up some story as a deck of one hundred cards. In the beginning phase, place all of those cards face down. As the story progresses, flip up these cards one by one.
In the case of a linear-fashioned story, it must be that the cards have to also be flipped in a linear way. The information will be presented in a chronological fashion, starting with the most fundamental plot points in the story. The reader will use that as a baseline to follow along the story.
Because mystery as a genre stems from the fact that its authors tinker around this "card-revealing order" in a particular scheme (in short, applying tricks), and if we have such mystery novel employing the description tricks, then this scheme is something that is especially flexible. For instance, in the opening phase there are cards that are supposed to be revealed, but one shall intentionally keep them face down such that the reader is unable to tell if the cards are supposed to stay face down, and right at the very end one shall maintain that "mistaken painting", and such.
There is no doubt that "Kara no Kyoukai" was written with the intention to apply such scheme. As one can deduce that,
Each story utilizes elements commonly seen in denki novels -> Introduce a unexpected resolution—a schema/technique similar to those in mystery novel, experimenting with the card-revealing order on the plot level in an even more flexible way(dizzy alternating perspectives, jumbled timeline, the structure of the background and/or world of a character who rarely makes an appearance, etc.). I have mentioned earlier about being unable to grasp the whole picture after reading just the first story, and think this is the reason as to why that is the case. As the final result, while being armed with that technique in mind, "Kara no Kyoukai" had succeeded at differentiating itself from other works of the same genre.
…I also want to bring up another point.
Frankly, the plot of "Kara no Kyoukai" is filled with intricacies and meticulousness. And to employ the trick that I have mentioned into that plot, on top of writing a story interesting enough to pull the reader's attention until the very end, is not the work of a half-hearted talent.

During the aforementioned talk, Mr. Nasu expressed his opinion of conquering the "Mansion" after finishing the sub-series of books "XX Mansion Murders" from Ayatsuji's "Mansion" series. I suppose a similar statement could be made in the case of "Kara no Kyoukai".
"Kara no Kyoukai"—being a hybrid of the denki and "new-gen" genres, while also a challenge to be conquered by the reader (who can be thought of as an active "player")—is a non-straightforward novel. This means that as one reads the following second and third volumes that are to be published in the upcoming months, one will probably become delighted, for the feeling of finishing all the volumes must surely resonate with that of reading a type of mystery novel, being a new-gen denki novel and all. For one, I can assert that this is certainly the one distinctive charm of Nasu Kinoko.
When we met three years ago, Mr. Nasu confidently told me that being a game writer was his occupation. It was a time where he had not yet founded an official company with his buddies, and thus he might have felt a strong need to hold onto that identity. However, he also added firmly, "I'll also do my best writing novels, too." Just as he said, in 2007 Kodansha BOX published his latest novel "DDD" and it appears that the work had also grabbed hold of a large group of audiences.
I just gave it a read the other day—the two volumes that have been published so far. Yeah. It's also kinda, you know, badass. The prose read completely professional-like. He probably has already developed his own "Nasu Kinoko prose". 
Currently, the movie production for "Kara no Kyoukai" is in-progress. The studio has planned to adapt all seven stories as each of their own movie, and the first movie is expected to arrive this winter. Coupled with the reprints of the novels, I could see the growth in readership. The work without a doubt carries at least such power—or dare I add, "mystical". Indeed, I am looking forward to the future works created from the mystical talent of Nasu Kinoko.
And lastly.
I would like to read a serious mystery novel written by Mr. Nasu, something that would make you say, "This is seriously Nasu-esque!" I have directly casted this curse on him and included his response at the end. I shall end on that note.
"Yes. I think the best way for me to pay my debt to all the mystery novels that have influenced me is to write a serious novel."
"If you start writing one of those, I doubt you'll be able to write anything else, to be honest."
October, 2007