April, 1995.
It was then I met her.

One day, I chose to take a late night stroll.
The weather was chilly for a late summer evening, maybe the frosty wind was bringing the taste of fall.
As I was putting on my shoes at the entrance, my caretaker Akitaka-san said, "Please return home early tonight, Master Shiki." I ignored his monotonous voice, and left to the entrance.
Trudging past the garden, I then passed by the gate. Once I exited the mansion, the street ahead of me was absent of streetlights, darkness came to enwrap my surrounding. A black night ceased of humans and sounds, the moment of midnight where the date alternated from the end of August to the beginning of September. 
The bamboo surrounding the mansion rustled in the light wind. 
An unpleasant image welled up inside me.
A walk in such an uneasiness-induced tranquillity was the only pleasure of Shiki, the name which I bore.
As the night veil grew thicker, so did the darkness.
I believe the reason I enjoy taking these strolls on the empty streets is because I want to be alone. 
Or maybe it's the opposite, that I want to think I am alone. Either way, it was a stupid question to ask. I could never be truly alone.
I walked away from the main street, and turned to a small alley.

I was to turn sixteen this year. In school terms, I would be a first year in an ordinary private high school. Regardless of where I were to end up, I would have to remain at the mansion in the future, thus there was no meaning in my education. I had decided upon that school simply because it was nearby: a short commute was clearly the most efficient option.
Although, perhaps that turned out to be a mistake.
The alley was darker than the main street, there was only a streetlight flicker nervously.
Out of nowhere, a face popped into my mind; I then clenched my teeth. In recent memories I had been on the edge of my seats, even during one of these walks. 
I could not help but think about him.
Even after I entered high school, my environment didn't change. Regardless of the grade they were in, no one ever approached me. I did not understand why, but maybe it was because I tend to wear my heart on a sleeve. 
I found people abhorrent. Since I was a child, I had not been able to like them. And unfortunately, because I am a human too, I even dislike myself. That's why I could not be nice to people when they talk to me... Even if I considered myself to be a misanthropist, that doesn't mean I detested the people around me, but they seemed to come to take it that way. That characteristic of mine became known across the school quickly and within a month, nobody tried to talk to me. Thankfully, I preferred a quiet environment, so I never went out of my ways to change the antagonism surrounding me, and ended up in an ideal situation.
But such heaven was not to last. There was one student in my class who treated me, Ryougi Shiki, as his friend. He had a last name like a certain French poet, and was a nuisance.
Oh, he was a real nuisance.
I saw a person under a streetlight far away.
Such was a blunder for me to think of his defenseless smile.
There was something suspicious about the person's behavior.
Thinking back on it later, why did I...
For some reason, I moved toward that human figure.
Why did I feel such a surge of violent excitement?
◇◆◇

Deep in the back alley, it was another world. 
The dead end served more as an enclosed room than a road. This narrow backstreet engulfed by the walls of buildings was devoid of sunlight even during the daytime. Normally, one would have expected evidences belonged a lone drifter in the small opening, which was considered to be the town's blind spot.
But today, there was no one.
Fresh paint coated the surrounding pale walls.
The alley, which was too narrow to be considered as a street, was lined with something wet.
An ever more overwhelming stench masked over the familiar rancid smell of rotten fruits.
What surrounded was a sea of blood.
The thing thought to be red paint was an unthinkable volume of blood—human blood spilling and flowing slowly through the alley. The smell thrusting through the nostrils belonged to that thick vermillion. 
In the middle of it all was a human's corpse. 
It was impossible to see its facial expression. Both of its arms were gone. Its legs seemed to have been cut off from the knee. That body was no longer human, and had morphed into a broken sprinkler that was only capable of spitting out blood.
This place had become another world.
The darkness of the night, too, bowed down to the redness of blood.
Amidst it all, she—Shiki—was smiling. 
The bottom of her light blue kimono had then become crimson. In a gracefulness resembling that of a crane, Shiki caressed the blood flowing on the ground, and streaked it across her lips. 
As the blood dripped down from her lips, her body was trembling in ecstasy. 
It was the first lipstick she had ever worn.