Summer vacation had just ended and sparked the beginning of a new school term.
Nothing had really changed in my school life. If any, the only change was in the students' attire to suit the weather of fall. As for me, I had never worn anything other than a kimono since the moment I was born. Akitaka had prepared for me clothes that a sixteen-year-old girl might wear, but I never thought about actually wearing them.
Fortunately, this school doesn't have uniforms, so I was able to stay in my kimono. Truth to be told, I had wanted a formal-styled kimono, but with one of those it would take an entire PE class just to change in and out of them. In the end, as a compromise I had favored a Yukata-like single-piece kimono. I was wondering about what to do about the cold during winter time, but I found a solution to that problem yesterday. It happened during a break. 
As I was sitting in my usual seat, a voice bluntly asked me from behind, "Aren't you cold, Shiki?"
"I'm not cold right now, but I suppose things will become rough soon."
The person in front of me frowned; he must have figured out I was planning to be in my kimono during the winter too.
"You're gonna be wearing that even during winter?"
"Probably, but I'll be fine. I'm wearing a jacket over it," I said abruptly, trying to bring a halt to the conversation. 
He walked away, seemingly surprised about the idea of wearing jackets over a kimono, and I too was caught rather off-guard by this solution. 
In the end, I followed through and bought a coat. I bought a leather jacket as it seemed to be the warmest. I would wear it when wintertime came, but the jacket was staying in my closet until then.
◇◆◇

I ended up eating lunch together with him, being invited and all. We were on the rooftop of the secondary school building, being surrounded by groups of students who were couples like the two of us. As I was observing them fixatedly, I could hear him speaking about something. I made efforts to ignore him, but there was quite an unsettling word that I could not help asking about.
"...what?"
"I said ‘murder'. It happened on the last day of summer vacation, in the western part of the shopping district. It's not on the news yet though."
"Murder... that's harsh..."
"Yeah, and the method was a scene to behold. The killer cut off the victim's arms and legs and just abandoned the corpse there. I heard the whole place was such a sea of blood that the police had to board off the alley. They haven't got hold of the killer, though."
"Only the arms and legs? Can a human die from just that?"
"Of course, if people lose most of their blood, their organs cease to function from the oxygen loss. In this case, though, I would assume that death from shock occurred first." He said while eating. In contrast to his baby face, he often brought up this kind of topic. It seemed that one of his relatives was in the police force, although considering he was the type to leak confidential matters to his relative, I suppose he was not in that high of a rank. 
"Oh, sorry Shiki. This has nothing to do with you."
"It's not that it has nothing to do with me, but Kokuto-kun..." I replied to this peer of mine, who seemed to be confused. "That's not something we should discuss during meals."
"You're right." Kokuto nodded.
Goodness gracious. That just made me lose the appetite for this tomato sandwich I had bought earlier ago.
◇◆◇

The first summer in my high school year ended on that strange rumor. 
The season was making a gradual transition into fall. 
For Ryougi Shiki, the life that seemed a bit different than what it had been was about to head into the cold winter.

◇◆◇

It had been raining since this morning. 
Accompanied by the sound of the falling rain, I was walking in the hallway. 
There were not many students in the school building now that classes were over. 
After the murder incident that Koku was talking about got announced publicly, the school had temporarily stopped all club activities. The murder spree resulted in a fourth case this month. I knew for sure, as I had heard from Akitaka in the car this morning. The authorities had not the idea of the killer's identity, nor had they figured out their motive. None of the victims were connected, except for the fact that the murders happened late at night.
It would be easy to ignore something like this if the incident had happened somewhere far away, but it was a different story when these murders occurred in the very town you lived in. All the students went home before dark and everyone, even the boys, went home together in groups. Since the cops started patrolling at around nine, I had not been able to take any night walks to my satisfaction.
"Four victims..."
I murmured.
In all the four scenes, I had…
"Ryougi-san."
Suddenly, someone called out my name. Turning around, I saw a man who I'd never seen before. He was wearing blue jeans and a white shirt; plain clothing; his face appeared to be gentle. He must have been an upperclassman.
"Yes? What is it?"
"Aha, I wish you'd cut the scary glare. Are you looking for Kokuto-kun?"
He asked with an artificially amiable smile to pair up with his ridiculous statement.
"I'm about to go home. Kokuto-kun has nothing to do with this."
"Really? You're wrong. You don't understand, that's why you're irritated. You shouldn't take it out on others too much because of that. It's easy to blame things on someone... It grows to be a habit. Aha. And isn't four times a bit too much?"
"Huh—"
Unconsciously, I took a step back.
His mouth turned into an apparently… No, the smile was obviously fake.
A smile so satisfied. Just like my own.
"I just wanted to have my last talk with you. Now that I've done that, I need to go somewhere else. Farewell."
The man who I thought to be an upperclassman walked away, the clicking of his shoes vibrated from afar. I did not even watch him part, and headed to my shoe locker. 
After I had changed my shoes, I walked toward the entrance and was met with just the rain. Akitaka, who should have come to pick me up, was not here yet. He would drive me home on rainy days because my kimono would get wet, but it seemed that he was late today. It was a hassle to change my shoes again, so I decided to wait by the stairs near the entrance.
The rain acted like a pale veil and was enveloping the school grounds. My breath misted white in the December cold. 
…I had lost track of time. Before I could even notice, Kokuto stood beside me.
"I have an umbrella," he said, his words pronounced like of a Chinese man.
"I'm fine, I have a ride home. You should go home soon, Kokuto-kun."
"I'll get going in a bit. I want to stay here until then... Can I?"
I did not answer. He nodded and leaned against the wall. At that time, I was not in the mood to go along with his talk, and was determined to ignore anything he said; it would make no difference whether he was here or not.
In the rain, I was simply waiting. It was oddly quiet—I could only catch the sound of the raindrops. 
Kokuto did not talk. 
Leaning against the wall, he had his eyes closed with a satisfied expression. I looked at him in disbelief, wondering if he was sleep, but he was quietly singing. I supposed it must have been a popular song. Later, when I asked Akitaka, I found out it was a popular song called "Singing in the Rain". The song must've been all the rage.
Still, Kokuto was not talking. The distance between us was less than a meter. It was restless to be without a conversation despite being this close. 
It was an awkward situation to be in. A quiet, but not a painful one.
How strange. Why did I find this silence to be so heartwarming?
However, I suddenly began to be fearful. My intuition was telling me that he would appear if this kept on going—
"Kokuto-kun!"
"Yes?!"
Surprised by my unconscious yell, he jolted up from the wall.
"What's the matter? Is there something wrong?"
I saw myself in his eyes that were looking back at me. It might have been at this moment that I truly looked at this boy before me, Kokuto Mikiya, for the first time, and not as a passing observation. 
He had soft facial features, which made him a few years younger. His eyes were a gentle, stainless black. In a manner befitting his character, his hair retained its naturalness, neither dyed or gelled. He wore black glasses that even kids would not wear nowadays. His plain clothing was black from top to bottom—that kind of uniformity could be considered Kokuto Mikiya's only curious sense of fashion. 
I then had such a thought.
Why would a good kid like him care for someone like me?
"Where have you been…"
Looking down, I tried not to meet his eyes.
"…all this time?"
"I was in the student council room before I got here. An upperclassman I know is about to drop out, so we had a sort of farewell party. His name is Shirazumi Lio. It sure took me by surprise, you know; like, he was a quiet person. I didn't think he would have done something like signing a school withdrawal form; he said he had figured out what he wanted to do and all that."
Shirazumi Lio. A name I had never heard before. 
But I knew the extent of his network that would get him into parties like this. Although his classmates only saw Kokuto as a friend, he had a modest popularity among the older girls at our school.
"I invited you too. I told you yesterday when we parted, but you never showed up at the student council room. I even went to the classroom to check, but you weren't there."
Certainly, he told me something along those lines yesterday. However, I would have only spoiled the party had I gone, and I thought he was just being polite when he asked.
"…I'm surprised. I didn't think you seriously meant it."
"Of course I was. What were you thinking, Shiki?"
Kokuto grew mad at me, but not because I had ignored his words or action; I believe it was because of my trivial speculations about him—I could only sense a distaste toward those deeds. After all, they were a pandora box that I could not have experienced, until now.
I grew quiet from that moment on. Never in my life had I wanted Akitaka-san to show up this much. 
A moment later, the chaperone drove through the school gate. I then left Kokuto.
◇◆◇
The day turned evening and the rain finally stopped. Shiki put on her leather jacket dyed in red, and went outside. 
The sky was covered in speckles; there were occasional glimpses of moonlight peeking through the openings between the clouds. On the streets were bands of polices in their civilian clothes patrolling hastily. She thought it would have been troublesome to run into them, and decided to walk to the riverside.
The wet ground from the rain's aftermath reflected the streetlight, glowing like a slug's trails.
She heard the train from a distance away. The rumbling sound of the running train made it known that a viaduct was nearby—that bridge crossing over the river was not built for pedestrians, but to let trains run on. 
There, she spotted the silhouette of a person.
Slowly and unsteadily, Shiki headed toward the viaduct.
A train passed by once again; it must have been the last one for today. 
A roar, incomparable to the earlier sound, vibrated around her—the pressure of the sound was like cotton being stuffed into a small box. She covered her ears without realizing it. 
As the train raced away, it grew quiet underneath the viaduct. The area beneath the viaduct was without streetlight, without a crook for moonlight to get in; it was pitch black, as if the area was a slice of darkness itself. 
This must have been God's blessing.

Now, even the red liquid spilled around this riverside appeared black.
This was the fifth murder scene. 
The corpse had been turned into a flower—part of the weeds that grew up in a disorderliness. With the dismembered face at the center, the arms and legs were splayed around it like petals. The limbs, which had been cut off like the neck, were bent at the joints, emphasizing their flower-like appearance. Unfortunately, the article still appeared more like a swastika than a flower.
Within the grass, an artificial flower was cast away. 
Due to the splattered blood, the flower was red in color.
I am getting used to doing this.
That was the feeling she carried within her. 
When she took a gulp, she noticed a terrible dryness down her throat. Was it caused by nervousness, or excitement? 
The thirst in her throat had then become boiling. 
The only thing that was overflowing this place was death.
Shiki's lips curled into a smile without a sound. Barely suppressing her ecstasy, she continued to stare at the corpse.
Because only in this moment, she could feel in her bones that she was alive.










／3

It is custom for the successor to the Ryougi family to have a serious match with their instructor at the beginning of the month. The head of the Ryougi household many generations ago grew tired of inviting many masters from other schools of swordsmanship, so he made a dojo in house and invented his own school. This tradition had been passed on to this day and unfortunately, even me, as someone who carried the body of a woman, was required to wield a sword.
After finishing the match against my father, who surpassed me in both skill and strength, I headed to my room. The distance between the dojo and the main house building was as far as, for example, a gym would be from a school building. I walked along the unattractive, but silent wooden floor. On the way, my caretaker Akitaka was waiting for me. He was at least ten years older. I reckon that he was waiting to help me change out of my sweaty clothes. 
"Good work, Master Shiki. Did your father say a word?"
"Same as always. And get lost, Akitaka. I can change by myself. Look, you can't be with me forever. It would be more beneficial for you to follow my older brother. It's the man who will become the heir in the end."
Akitaka smiled at my harsh words.
"No. In the Ryougi family, there can be no other successor than you, Master. Your brother did not inherit that nature of yours."
"…What's so good about this thing anyway?"
I avoided Akitaka and headed back to the building. After locking myself up in my room, I took a breath and undressed my gi.
I stood there glancing at the mirror, reflecting the body of a woman.
If that reflection were to have thicker eyebrows and appear more aggressive, it might have looked more like a man. But there was nothing to be done about this body. The ever-growing female body seemed to be sending SHIKI, not Shiki, day by day into despair. 
"Maybe I should have been born a guy."
I talked aloud to no one. 
No, there was someone I could talk to—inside me, there was another personality called "SHIKI". 
All children of the Ryougi family were prepared two different names with the same pronunciation: a male name for yang, and a female name for yin. Since I was born female, I was named Shiki, which means "formula" or "ceremony". If I would have been born male, I would have been named SHIKI, which means "to weave". As to why we have such a tradition,  the reason was because the Ryougi family produces children with a high probability of having DID, or split personality.
In short, someone like me.
Father said the Ryougi family has the heredity of a transcendent race. He also mentioned that it is a curse. 
And indeed, it was. To me, something like this was not transcendent, but simply abnormal. Fortunately, no other successor had been of this nature for several generations. The reason was simple: they all ended up in the mental hospital before maturity. The single act of having two personalities in one body is dangerous; the boundary between realities becomes vague, and there had been many cases of suicide. 
But despite it all, I grew up without showing any sign of insanity. It was because me and SHIKI ignored each other.
The right to the ownership of the body was completely mine. SHIKI was no more than a substitute personality that I could switch to like in the match earlier, as his aggressive personality fit the situation more suitably. 
Come to think of it, SHIKI and I practically existed at the same time. This was different from what's typically known as a "split personality". I am Shiki, but at the same time, I am also SHIKI. It was only that I had the ownership of the body.
Father was happy that he could produce the rightful successor of the Ryougi family in his generation. Henceforth, I was treated as the successor despite bearing a female body, disregarding my male brother. 
I did not find it to be troublesome—I take what's given to me. 
I must have thought I would lead this somewhat distorted but normal life forever. I knew I could only lead such a life...
...Indeed, even if SHIKI was a murderous monster, I could not make him disappear. 
Just as I raise this being called "SHIKI" in me, I was also another SHIKI, just like him. 







Murder Study (First half)／

Murder Study (First half)／ 1／

"Mikiya, are you seriously going out with Ryougi?"
I almost spew out my coffee milk to Gakuto's words. As I was coughing, I began to look around. Thankfully, it was loud in the classroom during lunchtime—no one seemed to have heard Gakuto's nonsensical statement.
"What do you mean by that, Gakuto?" 
Gakuto looked rather amazed when I questioned him.
"The hell are you even asking? It's a well-known fact that Kokuto of class 1-C has a crush on Ryougi. The only ones who don't know are you two."
I must have frowned after hearing his outrageous words. It had been eight months since I first met Shiki. The current month was November, right about wintertime. 
…Although I do think it's normal for anyone to start going out after that much time.
"Gakuto, that's just a misunderstanding. Shiki and I are just friends. Our relationship doesn't go past that."
"You sure?"
The aspiring judo club member turned his brawny face into a teasing look. This guy, whose name was in contrast with his athletic body, had unfortunately been a close friend of mine since elementary school. Thanks to our tightknit bonds, he must have figured out that I wasn't lying.
"But you call her by her first name. In what world would that Ryougi allow a simple classmate to address her like that?"
"Hey now. Shiki doesn't like that. When I called her Ryougi-san before she gave me a glare. People say gazes can kill, but hers literally kill. Anyway, she hates being called by her family name. She even says that that it's okay for people to call her anything but her name. But obviously, I wouldn't want to do that, so I compromised with ‘Shiki-san'. She didn't like that either, so it ended up being just Shiki. Are you happy now? That's the boring truth."
As I was recalling the events in April and rambled about it to Gakuto, he agreed that it was a boring backstory.
"Huh, that sure is an unromantic story," Gakuto said disappointedly.
…What kind of an answer was he hoping for?
"So that thing from last week at the school entrance was nothing either? Damn, I seriously wasted my time coming here. I should have just eaten lunch in my classroom."
"...Hold on. How did you know about that?"
"I told you, you guys are famous. Everyone at the school already knows you and Ryougi were getting shelter from the rain together by the entrance last Saturday. I mean, it's Ryougi. Even small things like that catch everyone's attention."
I sighed, and looked up. All I could hope for now was that Shiki would never hear about this.
"This is a school to get you ready for college, right? I'm starting to wonder if everyone's really studying..."
 "I heard from the seniors that employment rate is good for students who graduate from here."
...I have to question how this school is run.
"But man, why Ryougi? She doesn't seem like someone you'd be into."
I remembered being told something like that by senpai.
He told me a quiet and gentle girl would suit me. Gakuto was proably thinking along the same lines too. 
Somehow, I became strangely offended.
"Shiki isn't such a scary girl," I said annoyedly, letting those words slip.
Gakuto then grinned, his broad smile as if to let know that I had shown my true color.
"Hm? I wonder who just said ‘we're only friends'. Like for real man, she's a tough nut to crack, and a frightening one. If you can't even tell that then that's a telltale sign you're head-over-heels about her."
He might have meant to describe her a little stuck-up by calling her frightening. Part of me agreed with what he was trying to say, but I didn't want to give in.
I said, "I already know that."
"Then what's so good about her? Her looks?" Gakuto was not holding back.
Indeed, Shiki was beautiful, but that was not what attracted me to her; what did was her fragile look. In reality, she was tough enough to not get wounded or injured all the time, but she always, always had that fragility of her that made her seem to get hurt. That must have been why I couldn't ignore her. I didn't want to see her in pain.
"It's just something that you don't notice. Even Shiki has her cute points... Let's see, if I have to come up with an animal to describe her, she's cute enough to be a rabbit," I said, and regretted immediately. 
"Don't be stupid. She's definitely in the cat family, and probably the wild ones too; or maybe a bird of prey. A rabbit is too far off, way too far—does she seem like the type to die out of loneliness to you?" Gakuto said and laughed his ass off.
I thought she was like a rabbit in the sense that she didn't become attached to people, or that she observed others from a distance. But well, if that was only an imagination of mine, then whatever shall it may be. 
"All right. I won't talk to you about girls anymore."
When I attempted to end our conversation, Gakuto said, "My bad, my bad", and stopped laughing.
"You might be on to something. She could seem surprisingly rabbit-like."
"Gakuto, don't just be a yes-man like that. It's pretty rude."
"Nah, I do mean it. I suddenly remembered that even rabbits can turn dangerous. Lemme tell you, in this world we're livin' it, there are rabbits that can chop off your head on a bad day."
I felt something funny in my throat when he said with such a serious face. 
"That's one, uh, a batshit rabbit there."
Gakuto nodded.
"Of course it's batshit, I'm talking about the world of video games here."
