The winter vacation ended in a flash. 
The only thing that happened was that I went to the shrine on new year with SHIKI. Besides that, I would say I had been leading a normal and peaceful life. 
When the third term started, Shiki isolated herself even more. Even I could tell the aura of rejection she was radiating. 
After making sure everyone had left the school, I entered the classroom, and as usual, SHIKI was there. She was standing near the window, looking outside absentmindedly.
It wasn't that she had invited or call me to come here, my guts told me to not leave this fragile-looking girl alone, so I had decided to keep her company without an actual reason.
The sun set early in the wintertime and the classroom was tinted red. In this red and black gradation, SHIKI was leaning against the window.
"Did I tell you that I hate people?" said SHIKI. That day, she spoke like her spirit was somewhere else. 
"I never knew. Is that so?"
"Yeah, Shiki hates people. She's been like that since she was little. 
"...You see, when you're a child, you don't know anything. You think the world and everyone you meet loves you unconditionally. It's normal to think that if you like others, it's only natural for them to like you." 
"Right, that makes sense. You never doubt anything when you're little. You unconditionally love people and think it's only natural for them to love you back. The only things I was afraid of were ghosts. Yet, it's humans who I'm afraid of now."
SHIKI nodded tiredly in agreement.
"But that's a very important thing." SHIKI continued. "You need to be ignorant, Kokuto. Since you only worry about yourself when you're small, you won't notice any malice from others. Even if the love you feel is just a misunderstanding, that makes the whole difference, a difference that allows you to be kind to others—people can only express the emotions they're familiar with."
The sunset casted a red hue across her face. At that moment, I couldn't tell whether she was SHIKI or Shiki, but it didn't make a difference either way, as this was Ryougi Shiki's monologue.
"But I'm different. I have known someone else since I was born. 
"Since Shiki has SHIKI inside of her, she knew of others. She found out that there exist other people who think differently and that they do not love you unconditionally, so she could not love them, for she had found out as a child how ugly humans are. In time, she grew to pay them no attention. The only emotion Shiki knows is rejection."
That is why she had grown to bear hatred toward humans, SHIKI said so with her eyes.
"But weren't you lonely like that?"
"Why? Shiki has me. It's certainly lonely by yourself, but Shiki isn't alone. She was isolated, but she wasn't alone."
SHIKI said so with a resolute face, there was no deceit in her expression. She really was satisfied with just that. 
But, was she really?
Yet, was she really—
"Yet, I've been acting weird recently. Shiki has an abnormality in her, which is me, but she's been wanting to deny me. Denial is my domain. The only thing Shiki could possibly do is affirmation."
I wonder why, SHIKI smiled. 
It was a deadly—even murderous—smile.
"Kokuto, have you ever wanted to kill someone?"
At that instant, the sun painted her face in vermilion. It made my heart skip a beat.
"…Not so far. The most I've ever wanted was to punch someone."
"I see. But that's the only feeling I ever have."
Her voice echoed through the classroom.
"...Huh?"
"I've told you. Humans can only show the emotions they have experienced. 
"I take on the forbidden taboos inside Shiki. What's low on Shiki's priorities is high on mine. I am content with that. I am aware this is why I exist. I am the personality that takes on Shiki's suppressed tendencies. That's why I have always killed my will. I have been killing this dark side called SHIKI. I have killed myself over and over. …See? The only thing I've experienced is murder."
Then, she walked away from the window, and was silently approaching me
Why did I suddenly become afraid of her?
"Let me tell you something, Kokuto. Shiki's definition of murder is…." A voice murmuring by my ear. "...to kill the consciousness that is Shiki. It is to kill anyone who dares to drag out that part of her. You see, in self-defense, Shiki has a desire to eliminate anyone who tries to open her up." 
SHIKI giggled, and left the classroom.
It was an innocent smile that one would give after playing a trick on you.
◇◆◇

On the next day when I asked Shiki if she wanted to have lunch with me, she looked really surprised. It was my first time seeing that side of her. 
"…Unbelievable."
Even after saying that, Shiki accepted my request. She asked that we go to the rooftop. 
She ended up following me quietly, her silent stare felt like a stab on the back. Maybe she was mad at me... no, she totally was. Even I knew what she meant by those words from yesterday; it was her last warning telling me to cut ties with her, and God knows what could happen if I didn't. 
But she didn't understand that it was something she was already communicating unconsciously, and I had gotten used to her hostility. When we got to the rooftop, no one was there. With the month being January, nobody else wanted to eat in this cold weather.
"It's cold, do you want to eat somewhere else?"
"No, I'd like to eat here. If you want to go somewhere else, please go ahead."
Her politeness caused me to shrug. We sat by the wall to avoid the wind. Shiki sat still without opening the food packaging, and by contrast, I had already finished my second sandwich.
"Why did you talk to me?" she murmured suddenly. I couldn't catch her words.
"Shiki, did you say something?"
"I'm asking how you could be so thoughtless, Kokuto-kun," said Shiki with knife eyes.
"That's harsh. People have called me excessively honest before, but I've never been told that I'm thoughtless."
"Maybe they were trying to be nice about it," Shiki said. I took in her words. Shiki then began to eat her egg sandwich, the stark crunch of the wrapper sounded appropriate for a frosty rooftop. Shiki remained quiet the entire time as she was nibbing her tomato sandwich with a familiar gesture. Our positions just switched. Now I was the person with nothing to do. 
I can't just have a meal without a conversation, so I spoke to Shiki, "You seem to be a bit angry about something."
"...A bit?"
She glared at me. I scolded myself for not thinking before I opened my mouth.
Shiki said, "I don't understand, but I get irritated when you're around. I don't understand why you continue to speak to me, or why you still act the same way after SHIKI told you all that."
"I don't know the reason either. It's fun being with you, but if you asked me I couldn't tell you why. Considering what you told me yesterday I guess you could say I'm quite the optimist."
"Kokuto-kun, do you understand that I'm abnormal?" asked Shiki. I couldn't help but nod. Her split personality (or something resembling it) was the real deal, and surely it was nothing short of the ordinary.
 "Yeah, you're pretty unusual."
"Right? So then you should understand that I'm not someone you could associate with normally."
"Why would I care about that when I get to hangout with the person I like?"
Shiki froze, the time around her stopped so much so she had forgotten to breathe.
"But I cannot be like you," said Shiki, stroking her hair with slender fingers. The sleeve of her kimono swayed and revealed a bandage wrapping around the right elbow of her delicate arm. The fabric appeared to be fresh.
"Shiki, that wound..."
Before I got a chance to finish, Shiki interrupted me and stood up, "If what SHIKI said didn't make sense to you, I'll spell it out myself." She was gazing away into the distance. "If we keep this up, I'll definitely kill you."
...How could I have said anything back to those words.
After that, Shiki returned to the classroom, leaving her trash behind. On my own again, I began to pick up the litter.
"...Gakuto was right on the money, wasn't he."
I remembered the conversation I had with him. Just as he said, I might have been an idiot. 
Even after she delivered the ultimate rejection, I couldn't make myself hate her. Rather, my mind became clear. There could only be a reason why I loved being with Shiki.
"I must've gone mad long ago." 
Why didn't I notice this earlier?
I loved Shiki so much I could even laugh off her saying how much she wanted to kill me.


Murder Speculation (First half)／ 4／

On the first Sunday of February, the first thing I did after waking up was going to the dining room. There, I saw Daisuke nii-san as he was about to leave.
"Oh, you were here?"
"Yo. I just came to sleep 'cause I missed the last train, but I gotta go to work now. Must be nice being young, having your guaranteed days-off."
He appeared to be sleepless, probably because of the progress made on that serial killer. 
"You were talking about coming to my school, what happened to that?"
"Actually, there was a sixth victim three days ago so we might have to go there again. We found evidence of skin in the victim's nails. She probably was fighting for her lives. Women have long-as-hell nails so she must have scratched the killer's arm pretty badly. Maybe it was a desperate move. The scratches were deep, and she even clawed out three centimeters of skin."
The information Daisuke nii-san just shared had not been on TV or newspapers yet, but I was shocked for a different reason… probably because Shiki had been talking about something as ominous as killing in these past few days. 
Why else would I imagine for an instant that Shiki would be this killer?
"A scratch... you mean on the killer?"
"Duh, do you think the victim would scratch her own arm? We've already learned that the skin is from around the elbow area, and the blood's been analysed. The killer is done for." Daisuke nii-san said and left.
My legs became weak, I crumbled onto the chair. Three days ago, I had that conversation with SHIKI in the setting sun. And when I saw her the next day, the bandage was around her elbow...
Right around mid-day I realized I had to do something besides sitting here and thinking. I was better off asking Shiki herself about the murder. If she told me her wound had nothing to do with it, this uneasiness would surely go away.

I searched for Shiki's house in the school's directory and went to visit her.
Her house was on the outskirts of town. By the time I'd found it the sun was already setting.  
The mansion surrounded by bamboo groves was that of a classical samurai house. It had high fencing that make it impossible to tell the size of the place in its entirety by just walking. Unless I got in a plane to get an overhead view, I wouldn't be able to grasp its vastness. 
As I was walking through the bamboo woods along a path I arrived at a tall gate and was relieved to see an intercom in this building that seemed to be stuck in the Edo period. 
I pressed the intercom and declared my intentions. A man in a black suit appeared. The man, who was in his early thirties and had the gloominess that rivalled a ghost, was Shiki's servant; his name was Akitaka. He spoke courteously and politely, even to a student such as myself. 
Unfortunately, Shiki wasn't home. Akitaka-san offered me to wait inside, but I refused. To be honest, I didn't have the guts to enter this place by myself.
The sun began to set so I decided to go home. 
After walking for about an hour, I arrived at the train station and happened to run into senpai. 
At his invitation, we ate a nearby restaurant and ended up talking until ten. 
Unlike senpai, I was still a student. I had to leave.
I said goodbye and bought a train ticket at the station. 
The clock was about to turn eleven.  
While standing before the ticket gate I thought for a second if Shiki had arrived home already.
"…What am I even doing?" I wondered as I walked through the town's neighborhood late at night. The neighborhood was devoid of any sign of life.
I couldn't understand why I was walking in this unfamiliar area, or heading toward Shiki's house. Of course, there was no way to see her now, but I wanted to know if she was home and had her lights on, and so I went in the opposite direction. 
Trudging through the chilly winter air I exited the neighborhood and found myself facing a jungle of trees. I walked on the carefully paved road that appeared right in the middle of them.
There was no wind, the bamboos did not make a sound.
There were no streetlights, the moonlight became my only guide.
I half-jokingly thought what would happen if someone were to attack me here, and the thought began to eat at me. 
The image grew stronger in my head even as my consciousness struggled to discard the thought. 
When I was a kid, I was scared of ghosts. The shadows in between the bamboo looked like ghosts and I would be frightened. 
But now, I was scared of people. I was scared of the fact that someone might be hiding in the bamboo grove.
Since when did the unknown ghosts turn into other human beings?
This dreadful feeling kept clinging onto me. 
I think Shiki had said something like this before. 
Yeah… didn't she say like—
 As I fumbled through my memories, I saw something ahead of me.
"......"
I stopped dead in my tracks. 
But it wasn't of my own volition.
At that instant, Kokuto Mikiya's mind was in a blank state.
A white figure stood a few meters ahead. The bright white kimono was covered in red stains. 
The stains on her kimono began to spread. It must've come from the thing in front of her that was spurting red liquid everywhere. But the thing standing next to Shiki wasn't a fountain: it was a corpse.
"........."
I turned speechless.
I always had this image somewhere in my mind, the image of Shiki standing in front of a dead body. 
That's why I wasn't surprised.
That's why I didn't even panic.
My mind just went to a complete blank. 
She must've just cut the body while the arteries were still flowing, otherwise the blood wouldn't gush out like that. 
On the torso was a diagonal cut, on the neck the decisive blow. A clean slash from the right shoulder to the left hip, thematically fitting the entrance to the samurai house. 
Shiki was staring at the dead body, silently. 
The color of blood alone was enough to make one faint, on top of that the corpse's organs spilled and bulged grotesquely out from the wound, transforming the corpse into something inhuman. It appeared like something slimy trying to assume a human form, the resemblance itself was so inhumane that it was difficult to look at; a mentally sound human being wouldn't be able to stand such sight.
But Shiki stood still and watched over the dead body as blood kept splattering her ghostly-white kimono.
The blood speckles looked like red butterflies.
The butterflies were flying toward Shiki's face.
The corners of her bloody mouth crooked.
Was it because of fear, or pleasure?
Was she Shiki, or SHIKI? 
"..........."
I tried to say something, but ended up collapsing onto the ground.
I vomited. I vomited out everything in my stomach and my stomach acid, as if to rid myself of this memory, vomiting to the point of tears.
But it did nothing. I didn't even feel better after that. There was so much blood, the overwhelming scent of it all seeped into my brain. 
Eventually, Shiki noticed me. 
Her head turned to look at me. 
A smile was born from that expressionless visage—a smile so pure and calming like that of a loving mother, and so unfitting to this whole scene…
That I, then shivered.
My consciousness began to fade as she drew closer. 
I believe these were the words she left me with.
Be careful, Kokuto-kun. A bad premonition tends to attract a bad reality.
Maybe, I was truly thoughtless.
After all, I had been trying to avoid this sinister reality until I saw it with my own eyes.


Murder Speculation (First half)／ 5／

I ended up missing school the following day. 
A policeman found me standing blankly at the crime scene and took me in for questioning.
Later on, I was told of what happened during the question: I didn't say anything for a few hours, it took me about four hours before my mind returned back to normal. My brain didn't seem to have that good of a recovery system. 
Anyway, by the time the questioning was over it was too late to go to school.
Judging from the corpse the killer must've had blood on their clothes, and fortunately, there was not a drop of blood on my shirt. With the benefit of being a relative of Daisuke nii-san my questioning went rather smoothly. The police didn't even interrogate me much. 
After that, Daisuke nii-san offered me a ride home, which I accepted.
"You didn't see anyone, Mikiya?" he asked.
"I already told you I didn't see anyone."
Slouching on the passenger seat, I threw a glare at Daisuke nii-san.
"I see. Damn! It would have helped if you'd seen the killer... but I guess he wouldn't have let you go alive if you saw him, and I would be one hell of a shitty brother if you really died, so maybe it's a good thing that you didn't see anyone."
"That's not a police-like thing to say."
I spoke to Daisuke nii-san like nothing had happened, and that greatly annoyed me.
My conscience scornfully branded me a liar. 
How could I lie with such a straight face, especially considering these are police matters we're talking about here? If I didn't tell the truth, things could only get worse.
And yet, I did not utter a word about Shiki being at the crime scene.
"Well, I'm glad you're not hurt. So, what's your impression of your first dead body?"
…That was a mean question to ask.
"Terrible. I don't want to see a corpse ever again in my life," I said. Daisuke nii-san agreed and laughed light-heartedly.
"Don't worry, dead bodies don't normally look this insane."
…Good grief. Did he think I would calm down from him saying that?
"And what a small world we live in! I didn't know you knew the Ryougi girl," said Daisuke nii-san. The fact that he was excited by this made it even worse.
The police treated the murder in front of the Ryougi's house as part of the ongoing series of murders. But the investigation stopped there. Once they finished inspecting the crime scene, the police were forced to leave the Ryougi house, and from what I'd heard from Daisuke nii-san, it was the family themselves that drove the police away.
The police report wrote that the murder happened between eleven and twelve at night on Saturday, February 3 with the only witness being Kokuto Mikiya. It also mentioned that I was there only after the crime had occurred and that the patrolling police took me in while I was in a state of shock. 
Neither the Ryougi family or I had said anything about Shiki.
"But didn't you investigate anyone in the Ryougi family?" I said, trying to pry him out. Daisuke nii-san shook his head and said, "Their daughter goes to your high school so I wanted to ask them about it, but they refused. They said they didn't care about what happened outside their house. The way I see it, they are innocent. They have nothing to do with this crime."
I blurted, "Huh?"
I trusted Daisuke nii-san even if it seems like I don't. His colleagues understood the competence that allowed him to hold onto this job; that's why I thought he might have suspected Shiki.
"Why can you be so sure?"
"Hmm, well... do you think such a beautiful girl would kill someone? You don't, right? I don't think so too. That's what my manly instinct's telling me."
...I sighed at the length of his thoughtlessness. Why did he ever decide to become a policeman? 
"I see. You're destined to be single for the rest of your life." I said.
"Hey now, missing your cell already?"
…I was about to be released soon due to the lack of evidence. 
But still, I agreed with his opinion. 
Even if I didn't have his intuition, it was Kokuto Mikiya's opinion that Shiki was not the killer. 
And even when she admitted it herself, I shall believe otherwise. 
Thus, there was only one thing that I had to do.

The story was about to close its curtains.
From then on, until that day three years later, the sight of the killer would disappear from the public view. 
For me at that time, that incident seemed like it did not concern me.
However, this was the first and last event between me and Shiki.

Murder Speculation (First half)・Finish
