That evening.
The dark clouds began to shower rain upon the earth. 
The countless droplets pattering against the ground sent a clamor against the timid night.
Considering the heaviness it would be an overstatement to call it a downpour, but it was not so light to be considered a drizzle.
The rain was atypical for early March, being frosty as it was. 
Among the wet bamboo leaves, Kokuto Mikiya was gazing at the Ryougi mansion. [u2]
The hand holding his umbrella grew red and sore. He heaved a great sigh.
Even for someone like Mikiya, he did not plan on continuing this voyeuristic charade for much longer. In the best case scenario the killer was to be caught in the time that he was doing this, but Mikiya had decided to quit if nothing happened for another week. 
Like one would expect it was tiring to stay in the rain.
Mikiya was building endurance against the bombarding of the droplets and coldness, but even then it was still harsh.
He sighed, not because of the rain, but rather as a result of Shiki's actions today. 
What could Mikiya get across to her when she thinks he doesn't trust her? 
At that time, Shiki appeared really fragile, so much so that Mikiya thought she was crying.
The rain did not stop.
The sparkling puddles on the stone path tirelessly went on and created tiny, little ripples.
The sound of the rain was calming, yet restless.
He stood listening to it in a trance, and was interrupted by a loud sound.
Echoed the sound of a tremendous splash.
Mikiya turned in the direction of the sound, a red figure was standing there. It was a girl dressed in red kimono. She was soaked from the rain.
Without an umbrella in her hand, the girl was exposed to the pouring rain and looked like she had just come out of the ocean. 
Her short black hair clung onto her forehead, hiding her empty eyes.
"...Shiki!"
Mikiya quickly ran to her. 
How long has this girl been out in the rain? 
The red kimono was sticking to her now ice-cold body. 
Mikiya handed her the umbrella and took out a towel from his bag.
"Here, wipe yourself. What are you doing at a place like this? Your house is right there." Mikiya said as if to scold. He reached out his hand. 
She quietly ridiculed his defenselessness. 
There occurred the sound of a blade slicing through the air.
"...Huh?"
It happened in a flash.
Mikiya recoiled from the burning feeling in the arm that was reaching out to her.
A warm sensation trickled down his arm.
Was it my arm?
That got cut?
Why? 
It couldn't move?
The acute pain was so sharp he could not register it like the kind of ordinary pain.
His senses began to go numb from the intensity of it. 
There was no time for Mikiya to think. 
The girl in red whom he thought to be Shiki moved. 
His mind had not panicked just yet, probably because it was not his first time witnessing calamity in this very place. 
Jumping back calmly, Mikiya then ran off.

...No, there wasn't a way he could escape.
The moment Mikiya fled, she started dashing toward him. 
Her speed was beyond for a human and more similar to a beast.
Mikiya heard a slicing sound from around his feet. 
The rain became mixed with a red liquid.
Noticing that it was indeed his own blood, Mikiya fell to the stone path face-up, being unable to stand up.
"Argh..."
He groaned as his back slammed into the stony ground. 
The girl in red leaned on top of Mikiya's body, her eyes absent of hesitation. 
She placed her knife at Mikiya's throat. 
Mikiya looked up at the events unfolding in front of him. 
There was only darkness—and her.
Those black eyes carried no emotions.
She was firm, resolute.
The tip of the knife touched Mikiya's throat. The rain dripping on her face made it seem that she was crying.
But there was no expression.
That blank, crying mask of a face was frightening, and at the same time, pitiful.
"Please say something, Kokuto," said Shiki. She promised to listen to his last words. 
In spite of his trembling body, Mikiya looked straight into Shiki's eyes.
"I... don't want… to die..." he said. One would wonder whether it was Shiki that they were meant for; whether those words were not directed at Shiki, but rather at the rapidly impending death itself.
Shiki gave a smile.
"But, I want to kill you."
It was a warm one.

Kara no Kyoukai／Prelude

July, 1998.
I finished my first job without trouble ever since Touko-san hired me. 
In reality though, it was more of a secretary's job. All I had done was get a lawyer to approve a stack of contracts for me. 
I didn't like how she treated me like a kid, but I know it's all I really deserve for the dropout that I was.
"Mikiya-kun, aren't you supposed to go to the hospital today?"
"Yes, I'll go after work."
"You can take your leave early, there's nothing to do anyway."
It was one of those lucky days. Whenever she had her glasses on Touko-san always treated me so kindly. She herself was also done with her work and was about to polish the steering wheels of her loving car.
"I'll head off then. I should be back in about two hours."
"Bring back something nice!" Touko-san said. I waved at her and left the office.

Every Saturday afternoon I would go visit her—Ryougi Shiki. 
Since that night, she had been in a state where she couldn't even talk.
I didn't know what kind of trouble she was going through, or what she tried to do.
And I still didn't understand why she had tried to kill me.
But her smile at the very last moment was enough for me. 
As Gakuto said, I had been madly in love with Shiki from long ago; a single close call with death wasn't going to change that.
Sleeping in the hospital room, she had remained unchanged since that night.
I remembered that day when Shiki and I were talking in the classroom as the sun set. 
In the searing dusk, she asked me what part of her I could believe in. 
I would repeat my answer from back then.
... I have no basis for it, but I think I'll continue to trust you. How could I not? I'm in love you, Shiki.
What an immature answer. 
I had said I had no basis, but of course I did. 
I can say with confidence that she would never kill anyone, because Shiki herself understood the pain of murder. 
She was the victim and the assailant. 
She understood more than anyone how grievous murder is.
That's why I believe in her. 
In Shiki, who cannot be harmed; and SHIKI, who only knows harm.
And in you, who always looked so fragile, who could not let out your true feelings even once…