On the night at the end of August, I decided to take a stroll.
The air was a bit cold for the end of a summer. It was long after the last train had departed, and the town fell silent.
Cold, quiet, desolate, it was like an unfamiliar ghost town. There was no one else to be found, nor there was any warmth to be felt, like the inside of a motionless photo. The view made me think of an incurable disease.
Disease. Illness. Sickening.
It felt like everything, from the dark-windowed houses to the brightly illuminated convenience stores, could crumble at the sound of a cough.
Amid it all, the verdant moonlight accentuated the night. 
The moon was the only thing that looked alive in this totally anesthetized world. It made my eyes hurt horribly. 
That was what I meant by sickening.
When I left my house, I put on a red leather jacket over my light blue kimono.
The kimono's sleeves were tucked up in the jacket, and I was sweating.
Even then I wasn't hot, or rather...
The weather had never felt cold to me to begin with.

Even being this late into the day, you could see people as you walked down the street.
A person hurrying down the street looking at the ground.
A person pondering in front of a vending machine.
A group of people congregating in the lights of a convenience store.
I cast around for a meaning to these actions, but, after all, I was an outsider looking in. There was no chance of my understanding. 
For one thing, I myself had no reason to be walking out at night like this. I was simply repeating my old self's habits.
Two years ago.
I, Ryougi Shiki, was about to head up to my second year in high school when I got into an accident, and was hauled off to the hospital.
Rain was pouring that evening.
Apparently, I got hit by a car.
Fortunately, it was a nice, clean crash: no major injuries, bleeding, or broken bones. On the flip side, all the damage ended up unluckily concentrated in my head.
I was in a coma from that point on.
Maybe it was because my body was pretty much in perfect condition, but the hospital decided to keep me alive, and my body desperately carried on breathing as I lay there unconscious.
Then, two months ago, Ryougi Shiki came back to life.
The doctors were apparently as shocked as if Lazarus himself had woken up in their hospital, fust from that, I knew, after all, just how hopeless my condition must have been. I was in for something of a shock myself, though not as big as theirs.
I'd go so far as to say I didn't know who I was. My memories up until that point were strange, somehow. 
To put it simply, I couldn't trust my own memory.
It's different from a simple memory defect that prevents you from recalling your past... the kind of defect that's called amnesia.
According to Touko, memory is composed of four processes operated by the brain: writing, saving, replaying, and recognizing.
Writing is writing the image you've seen onto the brain.
Saving is keeping that information stored.
Replaying is retrieving that stored information. In other words, recalling memories.
Recognizing is confirming whether the information recalled is the same as the event that actually occurred.
If one cannot physically perform any one of these processes, the result is a memory defect. Of course, depending on the system that is dysfunctional, you get a lot of totally different kinds of memory defects
But in my case, all these processes were working properly. I couldn't really feel my previous memories as my own, but my "recognizing" process was working properly, as my memories indeed matched what I had experienced before.
And yet, I could not be confident about my past self. I could not feel who I was now were who I had been.
Even if I did have memories of being Ryougi Shiki, I could only see that memory belonging to someone else. Even though there was no doubt that I was Ryougi Shiki.
Ryougi Shiki disappeared during that two-year blank.
Perhaps not as far as the rest of the world is concerned, but my contents were hollowed out all the same. My memories and the personality I used to have—those links had been hopelessly severed beyond repair. 
With that being the case, my memory became nothing but a film reel.
But since I have access to that reel, I could still pretend to be my former self. I could pass myself off to friends and family alike as the Shiki Ryougi they knew.
As you'd expect, this wasn't especially nice for me, though. It tormented me with an unbearable suffocating feeling. 
A total imitation of life.
It was like I wasn't living at all.
Just like a newborn baby, I didn't know anything and I hadn't acquired anything of my own. But the memory of the past seventeen years had proved that I was a fully grown human being.
Fundamentally, emotions that I should have felt from various experiences were there in the form of memories. But I didn't experience them. Try as I might to make them real to me, they were still things that I already knew. If they evoke no reaction, it doesn't feel like you're alive.... It's the same as when a magician's sleight-of-hand tricks fail to surprise you anymore. 
And so I repeated the same routines my former self used to do, without the feeling of being alive.
The reason for it was simple.
Because if I did it, I might be able to return to my previous self.
Because if I kept at this, maybe these nighttime walks would start to mean something to me, too.
Ah, I see.
You could say that I was in love with my old self.
◇◆◇

Feeling like I'd walked a fair distance, I looked up and found myself standing in the business district, the source of all those rumors.
Buildings of the same height neatly stood side-by-side along the road, their glassy surface now reflected only the moonlight. The group of buildings by the main street was like a world engulfed by the silhouettes of roaming humanoid oddities.
Among them, there was a shadow conspicuously taller than the rest. This twenty story-tall, ladderlike structure looked like a long, narrow tower and seemed so tall it almost touched the moon.
The name of the tower was Fujou.
It was an apartment building, but no light shone from it.
The residents must have been all asleep, probably because it was two in the morning.
At that instant, an uninteresting shadow came into my field of vision.
A silhouette of a girl was floating into my view. No, it wasn't a metaphor: the girl was, in a literal sense, floating.
There was no wind.
The night air was strangely chilly for summer. My neck shuddered from the cold.
Of course, that was just my imagination.
"Well, look at that. Here she is again," I said.
An unpleasant view, yet there was nothing to be done about it.
With that, the girl in question flew, as if leaning against the moon.













／Overlooking View／

The image was that of a dragonfly. Flying away, restless.
A butterfly came to follow, but the dragonfly didn't slow down. Then, the butterfly could not keep up and fell, powerlessly, as it was about to disappear from view.
It fell in an arc.
The falling motion was like that of a snake; a flattened lily.
That image was heartbreakingly sad.
Even if we could not travel together, I should have at least stayed by its side a bit longer.
But that was impossible.
Because my feet weren't on the ground, I did not even have the freedom to stand and stop.
Someone was talking, and I resigned myself to waking up.
My eyelids were heavy. Proof that I hadn't slept even two hours.
As I was thinking how petty I was for making an effort to wake up in that state, my will had won over my sleepiness. Frankly, I was troubled by my own simple-mindedness.
I remembered for sure that all last night, I'd stayed up to put the finishing touches on some plans, and gone to sleep in Touko-san's room.
I rose energetically from the sofa. Sure enough, the sight of the office met my eyes. Seemed like it wasn't even noon yet.
In the summer sunlight, Shiki and Touko-san were deep in conversation.
Shiki was leaning against a wall, standing, and Touko-san was sitting cross-legged on a chair.
As always, Shiki was wearing her neatly made kimono like it was the most natural thing in the world. As for Touko-san, she had a pair of plain, tight black pants, and what looked like a snazzy new white shirt. With her hair short and plunging neckline, Touko-san had the appearance of a secretary. Though, that said, her expression whenever she took off her glasses was so indescribably ghastly that she'd probably never get a job like that even if a disaster wiped out every other woman on earth.
"Morning, Kokuto."
The look on Touko-san's face, which was more like a glare, was nothing out of the ordinary. ... Seeing that she had her glasses off, I guess she and Shiki had been having one of those conversations.
"Sorry, I must have fallen asleep." 
"Don't explain the obvious. I've got eyes, you know." She replied bluntly, took a cigarette to her mouth. "If you're awake, go make something to drink. It should make a good rehabilitation."
"….?"
Rehabilitation? What, like, back into society?
I didn't know why she felt I needed something like that, but since Touko-san was always like that, I decide not to question her.
"Do you want anything, Shiki?"
"I'm fine. I'm off to bed any minute now."
Saying so, Shiki did seem to be lacking sleep.
She had probably gone off for one of her nighttime walks after I dozed off last night.
◇◆◇

Next to the room which served as Touko-san's private room and the office was a room that acted like a kitchen.
The sink had three faucets in a row—maybe it used to be a lab or something. Basically, it was more like a water fountain at a school than a kitchen. Two of those had metal wires wrapped around them and were not for use. The reason for that was unknown to me. Touko-san simply said it made things easier, but it struck me as pointless and just annoyed me. 
I turned the coffee maker on. The first thing I did when getting to work was to make the coffee. I'd now progressed to the point where I could even do it in my sleep.
It had been half a year since I, Kokuto Mikiya, got employed here.
Well, "employed" isn't the right way to put it. This wasn't a company, in any case. To come here prepared even for that, it might have been due to my earnest adoration for Touko-san's work.
After Shiki had sealed herself away in a perpetual seventeen-year-old time bubble, I had graduated from school, clueless, and drifted into a college.
It was a promise made with Shiki to enter that college. Even if she had little hope of recovery, I still wanted to keep our promise.
But nothing was there for me besides the promise; after becoming a college student, I was just counting off days on the calendar.
While I was leading such an aimless life, a friend of mine invited me to an exhibition, and I ended up finding a doll.
The doll, as if testing to the limits of what was allowed for a human being, was an exquisite craft. It appeared to be a human made frozen in time, yet simultaneously felt like a mere fabrication of the human shape—something that would never move on its own.
A mannequin obvious to be inhuman, yet like a figure that couldn't seem to be anything but a human.
A human who would come back to life at any moment, but a doll which did not have any life to begin with. And yet I couldn't help but feel it was alive, but in a place where no humans could reach...
I became entranced with such ambivalence. It may have been because everything about its existence was exactly like Shiki back then.
It was unknown where the doll came from.
The pamphlet did not even mention its existence.
I frantically dug around for information, and it turned out to be an unofficial display, and the crafter was one surrounded by much rumour in the industry.
The crafter—whose name Aozaki Touko—was a hermit, to put it simply.
Although her expertise was doll-making, it seemed she also designed buildings; she would do anything that involved making something, but never accepted any commissions. She would always go to someone and show them what she would make, and began her work after receiving a payment upfront.
Either she was a bona fide libertine or else a real eccentric. 
I was intrigued. Even though I shouldn't have, I looked up the address of this weirdo of a woman. 
It was away from downtown, located in an ambiguous address, neither in the residential or industrial district.  In fact, her house was hardly what you'd call a house at all.
Frankly, it was a ruin. And I don't mean it was just a little bit run-down either. Construction had started on it many years ago during the boom years, but the economy had gotten worse, and they'd given up on it partway through, leaving a genuine abandoned building, in every sense of the word. The exterior "building" shape was pretty much done, but the insides were a different story, with all the walls and floors totally bare, consisting of nothing but their raw materials.
It would have been six stories high upon completion, but there was nothing above the fourth floor. Nowadays, a more efficient construction method would be to start building from the top floor, but I guess the people then were doing it the old school way. Since the construction was stopped halfway, the half-done fifth floor became like a rooftop.
The building was surrounded by a tall concrete wall, but I doubt it would have kept anyone out. Hell, it was a miracle some kids hadn't made a secret base out of it. That alone should tell you how peculiar of a building it was.
Anyway, it seemed that Aozaki Touko had bought this abandoned building that nobody one else wanted.
The kitchen-like room I was pouring coffee situated on the fourth floor. The second and the third floors were like Touko-san's workspace, so we usually communicated up here on the fourth floor.
…Anyway, back to the story.
Eventually, I got to know her and dropped out of college to come and work here. Amazingly enough, I was being paid wages and everything
As Touko-san put it, there were two types of people with one of the two attributes: those who create and those who explore; those who utilize and those who destroy.
She told me straight ahead that I had no hope as a maker, but still hired me. Instead, I had potentials in my ability to explore, according to Touko-san. 
"What's taking you so long, Kokuto," I heard her complaint across the room.
When I turned to look, the coffee maker was brimming with some sort of black liquid.
◇◆◇



"Seems that yesterday was the eighth one now," said Touko-san suddenly, stubbing out her spent cigarette. "It's about time the rest of the world started noticing the connection."
She probably meant the recent epidemic of female high school students jumping to their deaths. I doubted she was talking about the harsh water shortages we'd been having this summer. As topics of woe went, that wasn't one she'd normally go for.
"Eight… Weren't there only six?"
"There were more while you were spacing off. It started in June, and it's averaging about three per month. Maybe there'll be one more within the next three days."  Touko-san said something sickening. I took a look at the calendar; August would come to an end in three days. Three more days...?
Something about that caught my attention, but it faded away quickly.
"But I heard they are all unrelated. The girls who committed suicide are all supposedly from different schools with no connection to each other. It might be that the police are hiding the facts, though."
"You're not trusting people? That's unlike you." The corners of her mouth raised as Touko-san teased me. The glasses-less person I was looking at now became the most malicious-looking individual imaginable.
"But they haven't released any suicide notes. Six, no, eight people—if there're that many, they could at least make an official announcement or something like that. But if the police have not said anything about it, you'd think they are hiding them."
"That's what I mean by connection." Touko-san replied. "Actually, common features would be a more accurate description. 
"Out of the eight, more than half are seen jumping off by themselves, by several people, but no one can find anything wrong with their private lives. It's not like they were doing drugs or affiliated with a weird religion. 
"There's no doubt that these were spontaneous suicides, inspired by individual anxiety. Therefore, they didn't want to leave any last words, and the police probably don't consider the factors they have in common to be important."
" .. So, it's not that they aren't releasing the suicide notes. There never were any from the start?"
After I said so doubtfully, Touko-san nodded, indicating she couldn't be quite sure.
But could that be possible?
There's an inconsistency somewhere, I thought; I took the coffee mug and tasted the bitterness of the liquid inside.
Why weren't there any suicide notes? A person doesn't kill herself without wouldn't kill themselves.
Speaking from pure logic, a suicide note is a sign of lingering regret. When people who don't want to die but see no other choice decide to finish themselves off, they leave their reasons behind in the form of a note.
Suicide without a note.
Having no reason to leave a note. To no longer have any kind of view on the world and just bow out... vanish without protest. That's total suicide. Such a complete suicide would leave no suicide note from the start, and wouldn't, I felt, even draw attention to fact of the death itself.
Which meant that jumping to one's death wasn't actually total suicide.
 
Dying in front of onlookers like that felt in itself like a form of suicide note. Surely it was because they wanted to leave something for the world to remember them by... because they wanted to announce their deaths in some fashion? So it only made sense that they must have left suicide notes.
So what was going on? Had a third party taken the girls' last notes away, since none had been found? No, then we'd have been leaving the realm of suicide altogether. What, then? There was only one reason I could think of.
In short, that they had literally been accidents.
That the girls had never intended to die. In that case, there would've been no need to write any note. It would be like just heading out for some shopping and getting hit by a car through pure bad luck. Just like Shiki had gone out last night.
... But, still, I couldn't for the life of me think how someone could just go out shopping and end up falling off a building.
"Mikiya, it'll end at eight. There won't be any more for a while." Shiki's words cut off my runaway train of thought
"How you do know it's going to end?"
The question was out of my mouth before I knew it. Shiki nodded as she looked into the distance.
"I went and looked. There were eight flying about," her pretty lips let out those words, whispering.
"Aha! So there were that many at that building. You knew how many there'd be right from the start, Shiki?"
"Yeah," said Shiki. "I took care of her, but I think those girls will stay there for a while; makes my stomach sick. Hey, Touko. Do people end up that way when they can fly a bit like that?"
"I wonder. You can't say for sure since everyone's different, but historically speaking, though there have been a lot of experiments, no human being has ever managed to succeed in flying under their own power. The words flying and falling are closely interlinked. But the more you're obsessed with the sky, the more you forget about that fact. The result is that they end up aiming for the clouds after they die, too. Rather than falling to the ground, it's like falling up into the sky."
Shiki frowned, not happy with the answer.
She was angry… but at what?
"Sorry," I interjected, "I'm not following this at all."
"Hm? Oh, it's just the Fujou building ghost story. I was thinking that I'd have to see it for myself to see if there's any substance to it or if it's just a bunch of reflections. I was going to go take a look when I had the time, but if Shiki's already killed it, there's no way for me to check now."
... I see. So they were talking about one of those things.[u1]
When Touko-san took off her glasses and got together with Shiki, it was usually this kind of occult stuff they talked about.
"You heard the story where Shiki saw the girl floating at the Fujou building, right? There's more to the story. Apparently, there were human-looking shapes bustling and flying around the girl. Since they don't leave the building, we were talking about whether the place acts like a net, trapping them."
They'd lost me. My face clouded. What I was hearing was just too strange and difficult to understand.
Touko-san must have seen my expression because she summed up the whole thing for me. She said, "So, there was someone floating at the Fujou building, with the figures of all the suicide girls around her. And those girls looked like ghosts, right?. That's pretty much it."
I nodded in tentative agreement.
I could grasp the main point of the story, but I guess I was hearing it after it was all over. From what Shiki had said earlier, it looked like she had done away with the ghost or whatever it was herself.
It had been two months since I let these two meet. I was starting to become the one to hear about the epilogue when it comes to these kinds of tales.
I wasn't like these two women. Incredibly average old me didn't want to get mixed up in stuff like that. But I didn't like being completely out of the loop either, and so this state of affairs was pretty much just right for me. I guess this was what people call a blessing in disguise.
◇◆◇
"The way you say it makes the whole deal sound like a cheap novel." Right, Touko-san said, agreeing. 
Only Shiki didn't seem convinced. Her eyes filled more and more seethe, casting sidelong glances and glaring at me.
"…?"
Had I done something to make her mad?
"Huh? But Shiki saw the ghosts there at the beginning of July, right? So weren't there only four of them at the Fujou building back then?"
I said the obvious for the sake of clarification, but Shiki shook her head; her face grew even grumpier.
"Eight. There were eight from the beginning. I already told you there won't be more than eight jumpers. The order goes in reverse for them."
"What, so you could see eight ghosts from the start? Ha-ha! Since when did you become like that clairvoyant girl."
"As if. I'm normal. There's just something weird about the air there. Let's see, it's weird like fire and ice right next to each other, so…"
Touko-san wasted no time in picking up where Shiki's vague statements had left off and said, "So, time works strangely on the other side. Time doesn't pass in one solitary way. The mileage things have before decaying away is uneven. So it's a fact that there's a time lag between the breakdown of the human body and the memories that fill that body. 
"When someone dies, do their memories disappear? I don't think so. As long as there are observers, ones to remember, nothing disappears instantly, but gradually fades away.
"Memories of a person... no, a record, in fact. Say the observer isn't a person but the environment surrounding that record. In that case, it walks the streets as a unique, phantom vision after death, like those girls. This is one aspect of the whole ghost' phenomenon. The ones who end up seeing these visions are those who have something in common with them: friends or family of the deceased. Shiki's the exception.
"Of course, the passage of time does affect these records, but at the top of that building, it seems to occur at a much slower rate. The girls' memories from when they were alive have not caught up to their true state yet.
"As a result, their memories alone are still living. What we have is probably the extremely delayed-action reality of those girls, projecting itself onto that place as phantoms."
At that point, Touko-san lit the latest in who knows how many cigarettes.
In essence, she's saying that when something goes away, as long as someone remembers it, it isn't gone. Thus, the very act of remembering causes it to be alive. So if it's alive, you can see it. That was my best guess.
Which meant that they were illusions at the end of the day. No, actually, the way Touko-san herself labelled them "phantoms" meant they were definitely something more otherworldly and impossible than that.
"I don't care about all that explanation—there's no harm in that," said Shiki. "The problem is her. I know I got that thing good, but if there's a main body somewhere else, we'll just end up repeating this over and over again. I'm tired of being Mikiya's bodyguard."
"I feel the same way. I'll take care of Fujou Kirie. You can just take Kokuto home; there's about five more hours until he's off work. If you're going to sleep, you can use the  there."
ver
The bed Touko-san was pointing at hadn't been cleaned once in a whole half year and looked like the inside of an incinerator packed with wastepaper. Obviously, Shiki ignored her.
"So? What was she, then, anyway?" asked Shiki.
The mage with a cigarette in her mouth thought to herself, then walked silently over to the window.
She surveyed the outside world from there. 
There were no lights in the room, which was illuminated solely by the daylight from outside, making it difficult to tell if was daytime or evening inside.
Beyond the window, by contrast, it was clearly day. Touko-san gazed at the summer streets for a while.
"She probably used to be one of the ‘flying' types, too."
The cigarette smoke was absorbed into the white sunlight.
I was watching over her back as she looked down at the scenery outside the window... She was like a mirage amid a white, misty haze. 
"Kokuto, when you look down at the ground from somewhere high up, what image does it make you think of?"
My absentminded senses snapped back into focus at this sudden question
I hadn't really been at a high place since I went to the Tokyo Tower as a child. I didn't really remember what I had thought about it then—I think I had tried so hard to spot my house, but ended up not being able to find it.
"Maybe, something small?"
"You're reading into it too much, Kokuto." She responded with a cold remark. I pulled myself together and tried to think of something else.
"Let's see. There isn't much that it reminds me of, but it is beautiful, isn't it? Scenery is incredible when you see it from high up."
I guess this seemed a more heartfelt answer than my last one, because Touko-san nodded slightly in approval. 
Then, her eyes absolutely unmoving from the view outside, she began to speak, "The scenery you see from high above is magnificent—even an ordinarily boring landscape would look beautiful. But that's not the impulse you feel when you look down onto the world you live in. The only impulse you sense from that view from above is… " Touko-san paused slightly when she said the word impulse.
An impulse isn't based on reason or intelligence. I don't think an impulse is something that comes from inside you, like your thoughts do, but rather something that swoops down from outside. Something that sweeps over you. Like a violent mugging. No matter how much you try to resist. That's what we call an impulse. But what kind of violence could there be in a view from above .. . ?
"…distance," said Touko-san. "That panoramic view is far too spacious, too expansive. It creates a definite sense of estrangement from the world. And humans can only draw peace of mind from the things around them, even at the best of times. No matter what elaborate maps you may have, no matter the fact that you know you're in such and such a place, it's still nothing more than basic information. To us, the world is nothing more than what we can touch and feel. We cannot feel the connecting points in what our brains register as this planet, this country, or this city, and we ourselves cannot feel them unless we actually go to see those places ourselves. And in reality, there is nothing wrong with that way of recognition.
"But if you get a view that's too spacious, it throws a spanner in the works. You've got thirty feet that you can touch and feel around you, but you're looking down over thirty thousand feet. They're both the same, both the world that you live in, but the former seems much more real.
"See? There's already an inconsistency. It's proper and natural to recognize the vast scenery you're looking out over as being 'the world you live in'— more than the confined space you can actually feel with your body's senses. Yet you just cannot for the life of you feel that you are part of what you're looking down at.
"Why is that? This is just my hunch, but I think people always give priority to the information they get from their surroundings. So, at this point, 'sense,' or knowledge, and 'feelings,' or experiences, chafe against each other. Before long, there's friction, and your senses start acting erratically.
"'...How small the city is from up here. I can't believe my house is down there. Did that park always look that way? I didn't even know it was there. It's like I've never been to this town before; it feels that I've ended up somewhere far, far away.'
"... A high perspective brings up these kinds of thoughts. Even though the person is still standing on a part of that city they're looking down on..."
A high place is indeed a place far away; that is true distance-wise. But what Touko-san was leading to was the psychological aspect of it.
"Mm… so what you're saying is we shouldn't look from a high place for a long period of time?"
" It's not good to take things to extremes. The sky has been thought of as a separate world since time immemorial—to fly meant that you were going to the other world. If you don't arm yourself with civilized thinking, you will get influenced by deviant perceptions; just like it sounds, you go crazy.
" Protect your awareness, and, naturally, you avoid such bad influences. If you have a firm footing, there's no problem. Once you're back on the ground, everything's normal again."
.... Now that she mentioned it, one time where I was looking down on the school ground from the rooftop, I suddenly wondered what would happen if I jumped down.
Of course, it was just a joke.
I never had the slightest intention of actually doing it, but why, I wonder, would such a clearly deadly thought jump into my head like that.
Touko-san said that everybody's different, but I don't think it's especially rare for anybody to picture climbing up somewhere high and jumping off. 
"…Does that mean your mind goes crazy for just as second?"
Touko-san gave a dry laugh after I blurted out my question.
"Everyone dreams about the taboo, Kokuto. Humans gain pleasure from imagining things they cannot do. 
"Though… I suppose that's pretty close. The important thing is that the temptation of the taboo only rears its head in the appropriate place and not elsewhere. That's just common sense. Your example just now... It's not that a person's senses go crazy; it's that their reason becomes paralyzed.
"This is dragging on now, Touko," said Shiki, clearly unable to put up with anymore. As I thought about it, the conversation had certainly moved far off the original mark
"It's not dragging. If we take it as the classic four-step narrative structure of introduction , development, twist , and conclusion , we're still only in phase two."
"I only want to hear the end. I'm not wasting my time joining you two and your inane banter."
"Shiki..."
Her response was harsh, but she had a point.
Shiki carried on despite my one-word interjection. E
"So, if there's a problem with looking at landscapes from high places," she said, "then how do you explain our everyday sight? When we're walking around normally, we're still higher than ground level, aren't we?"
Considering Shiki's attitude of trying to find holes in people's words, I found her argument to be surprisingly reasonable.
Indeed, a person's eyes are at a higher level than the ground, which makes it plausible to think our view to be overlooking the world. 
Touko-san nodded at Shiki's words, acknowledging her argument.
"But the earth's surface, which you think of as ground level, is still an unreliable viewpoint to go on. And anyway, that aside, you still wouldn't exactly call our normal field of vision 'a view from on high,' would you?"
"A vision is not what your eyes see, but an image that your brain takes in. Our field of vision is protected by our common sense, so our standing viewpoint doesn't feel to us like we're high up. Even that's governed by common sense. There's no notion of height there. 
"But on the other hand, all of us live with a view from above. Not physically speaking, but spiritually. There are a lot of individual differences at work. Those with the most expanded minds aim for great heights. But, even then, they don't leave the box they're in.
"Humans are made to live in a box, and can only live in the box—we're not meant to see from God's viewpoint.
"However, when one's mental vision surpasses a certain boundary, one becomes not so much a God as a monster. Hypnos, the personification of sleep, and his twin, Thanatos, the personification of death, switch places. No one knows one from the other, and in the end, it becomes impossible to distinguish between them."
As she said so, Touko-san herself was looking at the world from above. She was looking down at the earth with her feet set on the ground. It seemed significant, somehow.
And then, I recalled the dream I had.
The butterfly fell at the end.
Maybe she could have flown more gracefully had she not tried to follow me.
Yes, if she'd fluttered her wings and floated along, she should have been able to fly longer.
But since she'd realized what it meant to really fly, she couldn't bear just floating there, weightless.
That's why she flew. Instead of floating.
Thinking that much, I questioned myself if I was that poetic.
Touko-san, by the window, threw her cigarette away.
"The disturbances at the Fujou building might be the world she was seeing. I can presume that the difference in the air Shiki felt was the border between the outside world and the inside of the box. That is a discontinuity that only a human mind can perceive."
Finally, with Touko-san finishing her talk, Shiki's irritated look lifted. She looked away with a sigh.
"Discontinuity, huh? I wonder which side is the warm front and which is the cold one for her."
In contrast to the serious-sounding speech she just heard, Shiki's didn't sound like she was remotely interested.
"Of course, it'll be the opposite of whatever you might think," said Touko-san, adopting the same kind of nonchalant air.