My neck shivered.
Is the cold that's making me shiver coming from outside or inside my body?
Leaving the indistinguishable aside, Shiki kept on walking.
There was no sign of life at the Fujou building.
It was two in the morning. The apartments were lit only by white electric lights, their glow illuminated the cream-colored walls. I could see them to the end of the passageway. The synthetic light eradicating the darkness felt artificial—one could say that it was more ominous than the darkness that it was supposed to keep away.
Passing by the card checker at the entrance, Shiki entered the elevator. The. A mirror bolted to the rear panel of the elevator for the convenience of the passenger. Reflected in it was a languid-eyed figure in a black leather jacket over a light blue kimono. The eyes were laid-back, showing no interest in anything around. Facing her reflected self in the mirror, Shiki pressed the button for the rooftop. The world around her began to move upward, accompanied by a faint mechanical whir. The mechanical box was on its way up to the roof. A secret room for all of a few seconds. Right now, Shiki was cut off from anything that was happening outside these four walls and had no way of engaging with any of it. This feeling managed to slightly penetrate the void that was her heart. That feeling seeped into her supposedly empty mind. 
This small box was the only world that felt real to me.
The door opened without a sound. Ahead was an utterly black space, completely at odds with what had come before.
Shiki emerged into a small room. There was only one door—the one to the roof—and the vacant elevator returned to the ground floor as she stepped out.
There were no lights, and the surroundings were chokingly dark.
Her footsteps echoed as she moved through the tiny room. Shiki then opened the door that led to the roof.
The deep black was replaced by a dim darkness. A panoramic outlook of the nighttime city leaped into view, filling her eyes in every direction. The roof of the Fujou Building had been built blank and featureless. The bare concrete floor stretched out, dead level, surrounded by a wire-mesh fence.
Apart from a water tank on top of the small room from which Shiki had just emerged, there was nothing else to draw the eye.
The place itself was a completely ordinary rooftop. Yet the landscape struck her. The roof was about ten floors higher than the surrounding buildings, and the view was more lonely than pretty. Climbing the thin ladder, Shiki found it to be like looking down over the world.
The city was like a dark, deep ocean where no light could penetrate, and it was certainly beautiful to behold. Burning lights here and there looked like the twinkling of deep-sea fish.
—If my field of vision is the whole world , then the world is sleeping right now.
Forever , for all I know. Though I bet it's only temporary. More's the pity.
This stillness grips my heart more than any cold does.
So much it hurts—
◇◆◇
Rising there in the air was the pale figure of a girl.
White clothes, so florid and brilliant they could have been mistaken for a showy dress, and black hair down to her hips. Slender limbs protruded from her garments, making her look all the more graceful.
Her indifferent eyes and thin eyebrows would probably have secured her a place in the most prestigious of beauty pageants.
Shiki guessed her age to be in the early twenties. Of course, she doubted whether placing someone's age was applicable when it came to ghosts. But, in any case, she doubted that the translucent girl was a ghost.
She was definitely there. The girls twisting through the night sky around her... they would be the ghosts. The girls, drifting randomly through the air, felt more like they were swimming than flying. Their forms were vague, though, and faded into translucency occasionally.
A shining white woman with a mass of girls swimming around her in a seemingly protective formation, there above Shiki s head.
This series of images was not repellent.
Rather, it was ...
"Hmph ... This sure is magical," Shiki scoffed mockingly.
The woman's beauty was unearthly, inhuman. Her black hair was as magnificent as strands of silk thread, smoothed out one by one with a comb. Had it been stirred by a strong wind, her billowing hair would perhaps have been a vision of mystic beauty.
"In which case, I'd better kill you," said Shiki, and the woman must have heard this because she cast her eyes downward.
The rooftop of the Fujou Building was over three hundred feet above ground, the woman another ten feet above that. Their eyes met as Shiki looked up.
No words were exchanged. No mutually understood language even.
Shiki reached into her jacket. She pulled out a lethal weapon: a seven-inch blade—more a knife than a sword.
A murderous intent filled the eyes looking down from above. Instantly, the white garments flickered. The woman's hand swept smoothly down, her fingertips pointed at Shiki. What her frail, willowy limbs suggested, however, was not a living white color.
"Bones or lilies."
A voice echoed long into the windless night air. The outstretched fingers were full of the intent to kill.
Suddenly, the white fingers were pointing at Shiki's body.
Shiki's head swam with a pulsing clamor. She staggered, as though her slender frame were about to tumble down.
But only once.
The woman above faltered slightly at this.
Her subliminal suggestion, urging her victim to fly, wasn't working on this girl.
Her ability to force the image of flying into a person's very consciousness was beyond the realm of hinting and was more like full-fledged brainwashing. There was no resisting it. As a result of the inevitable suggestion, whether they believed it would actually happen or not, people simply ran over the edge of the roof, secure in the firm belief that they could fly.
Shiki had brushed this urge aside after only slight dizziness.
Maybe, the woman pondered, it had just been a glancing blow. She resolved to try once more.
It would be much stronger this time.
Not "You can fly" this time. A strong compulsion: "You will fly."
And yet...
Shiki looked up at her before she could do it. Two arms, two legs, one torso. One small spot slightly to the left of the center of the chest. Shiki could clearly see the cross section before her eyes: a blueprint for death.
The chest, above all, would be the best place to aim for. That would mean instant death. Illusion or no, Shiki was determined to prove she could be killed... even if this girl was a god.
She raised the knife in her right hand. Holding the hilt in a backhanded grip, Shiki narrowed her eyes at the opponent in the sky above.
As she did, an impulse welled up in her once again.
...Fly. You can fly. Youve always liked the sky. You were flying only yesterday. Maybe you can fly even higher up today.
To freedom. To peace. To laughter. You have to go. Where to? To the sky? To freedom?
—It means...
... An escape from reality. A yearning for the heavens. Reversing gravity.
Your feet aren't on the ground. Flying unconsciously. Let's go, let's go, let's go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go... go, now!
"You must be joking" muttered Shiki, and raised her empty left hand.
The lure of the sky had no effect on her. She no longer even felt dizzy.
"I don't have yearnings like that. I don't feel alive, so I don't know what actual suffering is. That's right. To be honest, I've got no interest in the likes of you either."
Her words were melodic, dismissive.
Shiki didn't feel the bittersweet joys and sorrows or various binding restrictions associated with life. So she didn't feel any kind of fascination with the prospect of liberation from suffering.
"Still," she went on, "I can't have you taking a certain someone with you. If you want a reason, it's because I saw him first, so I'll be taking him back now."
Shiki's empty hand grasped the open air. The woman and accompanying girls were drawn toward her, just like that, while she pulled her hand back as though reeling in a line.
They were like fish being hauled up onto land in a net.
The woman's features changed, and she hit Shiki with redoubled force of will. If she could have vocalized her intention, it would probably have come out as a scream of "Fall!"
Disregarding the woman's rage entirely, Shiki gave an angry retort.
"You fall."
Her knife stabbed through the chest of the rapidly descending woman. It was as simple as stabbing fruit; the pierced woman was entranced by the sheer sharpness of the blade.
There was no blood.
Paralyzed by the shock of the knife, which had thrust all the way through her back, the woman twitched only once. Shiki merely tossed the dispatched body away. The woman s form sailed past the fence and plunged soundlessly.
Even on the verge of falling, her hair made no fluttering motion, and her clothes billowed in the wind as she melted into the darkness. She looked like a white flower sinking down into the ocean depths.
With that, Shiki left the rooftop.
Even now, the figures of the floating girls overhead.