I woke up after being stabbed through the chest.
It had been a huge shock. That girl must have been incredibly strong to just pierce someone's heart like that.
And yet, it hadn't been an angry, frenzied strength.
She had simply sliced through bone and muscle, calm and collected, as though it were nothing.
A terrible sense of unity.
The sense of death was sweeping my body. Again and again, the sound of my heart being run through. To me, that sensation hurt more than the pain.
Because it was both fear and indescribable pleasure. My body was shaking, a chill running down my spine to the point of insanity.
I felt anxiety and isolation of tear-inducing magnitude and a clinging attachment to life. Then, soundlessly, I started to weep.
Not from fear or pain.
It was because I, who would pray each night to see tomorrow morning, was experiencing firsthand something I had never felt—death. Most probably, this chill would be with me for eternity. I would never be able to escape it.
Or, on the other hand, I wouldn't escape as long as I myself was in love with this sensation.
◇◆◇


The sound of a door opening.
It was afternoon. There was a trace of sunlight shining in through the closed windows.
Medical consulting hours were over, so this must be someone on a social call, I thought.
My room was a private one, and I shared it with nobody.
The only things here were the rays of sunlight that had just poured in, the static cream-colored curtains that had never known a breeze, and the bed I was in.
"Excuse me. You must be Fujou Kirie."
The visitor seemed to be a woman.
After speaking out in an incredibly husky voice, she came over to my bedside, not bothering to sit down. She must have been standing over me, looking down. Her gaze felt cold.
...This woman is terrifying. She'll destroy me for sure.
Even so, inside I was rejoicing. It had been so many years since someone had come to visit me. So what if it was death, come to finish me off? I couldn't send her away.
"You're an enemy, aren't you?"
The woman nodded in agreement.
I focused my senses and tried with all my might to make out the figure of this visitor.
It must have been the sun's fault, but all I could see was a vast silhouette.
She was minus a jacket, but her pristine, wrinkle-free clothes made her look like a teacher. I relaxed a little at this. Only, I had to take points off for the strong orange tie around her white shirt. It was too gaudy.
"Are you one of that girl's acquaintances?" I asked. "Or are you her?"
"No, I'm a friend of the one who attacked you and the one you attacked. Honestly, of all the weird people to get mixed up with. You've really... well, we've both got bad luck."
Having said this, the woman took something out of her breast pocket and immediately put it away again.
"No smoking in hospital rooms, huh?" she said regretfully. "It looks like your lungs are gone already. Smoking wouldn't do you much good."
It must have been a box of cigarettes then.
I had never touched cigarettes, but I wanted to see what this woman looked like smoking. Maybe... in fact, definitely, it would have suited her, like lizard pumps and a snakeskin bag on a shop mannequin.
"It's not just your lungs that are bad, though, is it? That's the cause, but I can see tumors all over your body. Extremities show sarcoma... and your insides are in especially bad shape. Your hair looks to be the only part that's unaffected. Even so, you've got remarkable physical strength.
"A normal person would have died long before the disease ate them away to this extent.... How many years has it been, Kirie Fujou?"
She was probably asking how long I'd lived hospitalized. But I didn't have an answer for her.
"I don't know. I stopped counting long ago."
There was no reason to, after all.
Because I could never leave here. Not until the day I died.
The woman gave a short sigh of resignation.
There was no sympathy there but no revulsion either. I hated it. The only thing anyone could give me was pity. This person wouldn't spare me even that.
"Are you okay where Shiki stabbed you? From what she said, it was from the left ventricle to the midaorta. You must have been sliced through the bicuspid valve."
Her voice was perfectly calm as she spoke these incredible words. I couldn't help but crack a smile at the strangeness of it.
"You're weird. We'd hardly be talking like this if I'd been stabbed through the heart."
"Perhaps," she replied. "We'll see soon enough."
Yes, that's right. I'd been wondering if this not quite Japanese, not quite Western-style woman would finish me off, and her words had just confirmed it.
"But you'll feel its influence. Shiki's got good eyes. If what she saw was a secondary entity, then its collapse will probably reach your real body. I have two or three things I'd like to know before that happens. That's why I came out here."
A secondary entity. She must have been talking about the "other me."
"I haven't seen the flying you. Can you explain what you are?" asked the woman.
"I don't understand, myself," I replied. "All I can see is the scenery outside this window. But maybe I shouldn't have looked. I was always looking down at the outside from here. The trees showing the changing seasons, and people coming and going from the hospital... always changing. Even if I raise my voice, nobody hears, and I can't reach anything if I stretch out my hand. I've been gasping and wheezing for so long. Hating the scenery outside for so long. That's what a curse is, isn't it?"
".. Hmph. The Fujou blood, eh?" said the visitor. "You re from a pure bloodline going back into antiquity. They specialized in prayers, but it seems that curses were their real bread and butter. Its possible that your surname was originally Fujou, as in ‘unclean,' but they changed the way it's written."
Lineage. My family. That ends with me, too.
When I had just been hospitalized, I lost my parents and brother in a car crash. Since then, my medical bills were being paid for by someone who used to be a friend of my father. This person had a complicated name that sounded like a priest or something, so I didn't remember what kind of person he was.
"But this isn't a subconscious curse you're not aware of," the woman pointed out. "What on earth did you pray for?"
... I didn't understand that, myself. I doubted even this woman could comprehend it.
"Have you ever stared out at the landscape for a long time? For year after year, kept on looking out until your consciousness stopped?... I hate the outside. I hated it, and it terrified me. I was always looking down from above, the whole time. And after that, one day my eyes went all strange. It was like I was in the sky over that courtyard over there, looking down at the ground below. It felt like my body and my mind were still here, and just my eyes were flying. But, because I couldn't move from here, all I ended up able to do was look down at this spot from above, though."
"...So, your brain took in the surrounding landscape. Which meant you could then see it from any angle at all, I imagine.
"Did you lose your eyesight around then?"
This was a shock. The woman had noticed that I could hardly see anymore.
I nodded.
"That's right. Everything got gradually whiter, until I couldn't see anything. At first, I thought everything would be pitch-black, but it wasn't. There's just nothing. That's what it's like to be blind.
"But I didn't have any problem with it. My eyes were up in the sky already. I could only see the area around this hospital, so I could never escape from here in the first place. Nothing changes. Nothing—"
At that point, I coughed violently. I hadn't talked this much in a long time. And my eyelids felt hot.
"I see. That's how your consciousness got up into the sky. But... then why are you alive? If that apparition over the Fujou Building was your consciousness, you should have been killed by Shiki."
Yes, I'd wondered the same thing.
That girl... Her name was Shiki, by the sound of it. How was she able to cut me?
In exchange for not feeling anything, that other me had never been injured. That girl, Shiki, had killed the other me easily, as though my other body were truly solid and tangible.
"Answer me. Was the you at the Fujou Building really Fujou Kirie?"
"The one at the Fujou Building isn't me. There's a me who is always looking out at the sky and a me who was up there in it. The other one gave up on me in favor of flying, in the end. Even my own self abandoned me."
The woman by my bed gasped. It was the first time she had displayed anything like emotion.
"Split personality ... No, it's not that. You were one originally but were then granted a second vessel.
"... One personality controlling two bodies. Certainly, I can't think of anything else to explain it."
Now that she said that, it sounded probable. I had abandoned the myself here in this room and gone looking out over the city. And yet neither of my two selves was affixed to the ground, and both were merely floating. I, who was so isolated from the world I saw outside the window, couldn't break through my sense of detachment, no matter how hard I wished for it.
Though we were split, in the end my two selves were connected.
" …It all makes sense. But why weren't you content with just projecting into the outside world? I don't think it was necessary to kill those girls."
Girls… Yes, those girls I envied so. They had done a terrible thing. But I was innocent. After all, they only jumped because they wanted to.
"The you at the Fujou Building is like a body of consciousness," the woman stated. "You used it, didn't you? Those girls could always fly, right from the start, couldn't they? Whether it was just in their dreams or they could actually fly for real.
"There are a great many people who don't sleepwalk but sleepfly. It isn't a problem, though. Why? Because they show those symptoms only when they are unconscious. Because they fly without any malicious intent while asleep, and the thought of flying never enters their minds when they're awake. Those girls were special, even in such a group. Though we aren't talking Peter Pan here, they were especially light during adolescence. One or two of them were probably flying for real, but most would only have been doing it in a dream sense. You made them conscious of this. You drew out that subconscious impression and made it real.
"The result was that they became aware of the fact that they could fly. And, yes, of course they could fly. But only unconsciously Unpowered flight is difficult. Even I can't fly
without a broom. The success rate for conscious flight is about 30 percent. Those girls just tried to fly as though it were as simple as anything and, naturally, plummeted."
That's right. Those girls were flying around me. I thought they could be my friends. But they weren't even aware of me and just floated there like mindless fish.
It wasn't long before I realized they weren't conscious. Even though I thought they'd notice me if I made them aware.
That's all I wanted. So why...
"Are you cold? You're shaking."
The woman's voice still felt like plastic. I hugged myself, unable to stop trembling.
"I'll ask one more thing. Why did you long for the sky even though you hate the outside world?"
The reason was probably because...
"Because the sky is endless. I thought that if I could keep going, fly far away, then I'd find a world I didn't hate."
Then came the question, asking if I had found it.
I couldn't stop trembling. It felt like someone was physically shaking me, and my eyelids were becoming hotter and hotter.
I nodded.
"Every night before I fell asleep, I feared that I wouldn't be able to wake the next morning. Wondering if I would be alive tomorrow terrified me. I knew that if I slept, I wouldn't have the strength to wake up.
"Every day was like walking a tightrope, and all I could do was dread death. But, on the other hand, that's what made me actually able to feel that I was alive. The smell of death was the only thing that filled my empty days. But I relied on that alone to live.... Because I'd shed my old self like a castoff skin. I can only feel alive by staring death in the face."
That's right. That's why I yearned for death more than life. To fly, as far as I could. To leave this place. That was why.
"Did you take the boy from my place to keep you company?"
"No. I didn't even notice at the time. I was clinging onto life, wanting to fly while I was still alive. I thought that I could manage that with him."
"...Shiki's just like you, then. In choosing Kokuto, there's still hope for her. Well, I guess there's nothing wrong with feeling alive through someone else."
Kokuto. Of course. That Shiki girl had come to take him back from me. His savior had been absolute death to me.
Still, I didn't regret it.
"That boy is a child. He's always looking into the sky. Always perfectly upright. That's why, if he felt like it, he could fly anywhere he wanted. Yes ... I wanted him to take me with him."
My eyelids were hot. I didn't really understand, but I must have been crying.
Not from sorrow or anything like that... If I really could have gone off somewhere with that boy, it would have made me so happy. Because it would never happen—because it was a dream that could never come true—it was all the more beautiful, and it filled my eyes with tears.
That was the sole dream I had had in all these years.
"But Kokuto's not interested in the sky or anything like that," the woman said. "... Hmm. Someone who yearns for the sky, yet can't approach it. Ironic, isn't it?"
"It is. I've heard that human beings hold on to lots of things that they don't need. I just floated. I can't fly.... All I can manage to do is float there."
The burning vanished from my eyes. It would probably never happen again.
Because the only thing that governed me now was the shivering coursing down my back.
"Sorry to have disturbed you. This really is the final question: what are you going to do now? I don't mind treating the wound that Shiki gave you."
I didn't answer. I merely shook my head.
The woman, I think, frowned slightly.
"...I see. There are two kinds of escape: fleeing aimlessly and fleeing with a goal in sight. As a rule, I'd call the former floating and the latter flying.
"Only you can decide which one of the two your view from above is. But if, by some chance, you choose based on feelings of guilt and self-reproach, then that's a mistake. We don't choose our path because of our sins; we carry our sins down the path we choose."
And then the woman left.
She hadn't told me her name the whole time she had been here, but I understood why. There would have been no point.
...That woman had doubtlessly known how I would end things. Because I could never fly. I could only float.
Because I was weak, I couldn't have done as she suggested.
That's why I couldn't beat this temptation.
Back then... the flash I felt in the instant my heart was pierced.
The overwhelming torrential pounding of death and the throbbing of life. I hadn't thought anything of it, but I still had that simple, important thing left to me.
What I had was death.
This fear gripping my spine. I had to crash into death headlong and, in doing so, feel the joy of being alive. All for the sake of every ounce of life I had—the life I'd shown nothing but disdain for up until now. Yet it would probably be impossible for me to go out to meet that nightlike death. Most probably, that intense, vivid last moment was beyond my reach. That death which went through like a needle, like a sword, like thunder.
And so, I tried to get as close to it as I could. No plans
came to mind, but I still had a few days left to think, so it would be okay. Besides, I had already decided on the method.
I hardly feel it necessary to say, but for my final moment... naturally, jumping to my death with a view from above would be wonderful.

／Overlooking View／
After the sun set, I left Touko-san run-down building. Shiki's apartment was nearby, but my place was about twenty minutes away by train.
Perhaps because of her lack of sleep, Shiki plodded along with a wobbly gait, nestled up close to me.
"Is suicide ever okay, Mikiya?"
The question came out of the blue.
" .. Hmm. I'm not sure," I replied. "If I'd been infected with a retrovirus that meant that just by my living, everyone in Tokyo would die, then I think I might kill myself to save everyone."
"What's that about? That's way too far-fetched to use as an example," Shiki said.
"No, it'll do," I insisted. "But I'd do it because I'm weak, though, I think. I wouldn't have the guts to survive and have everyone in Tokyo out for my blood, so that's why I'd kill myself. That way would be easier. It's the difference between a second's worth of bravery, and courage you have to keep up forever. Anyone can see which one's harder. It's a bit extreme, but death is easy, I reckon. It's just a matter of why you do it. But there will be times when the person in question feels a terrible urge to run away. I can't deny that or object to it. Because I'm a weak person, too."
...Yet, still, self-sacrifice of the sort I had just mentioned is justified and would probably be seen as heroic, even.
But no. It doesn't matter how just or how noble it is; choosing death is foolish. Maybe we have to live on, no matter how ugly or how wrong we are, to correct our mistakes. Live on and accept the consequences of our actions.
That's what takes real courage. I didn't think I could do that, so I shut my mouth and stopped talking so brashly.
"... Er, anyway," I said, finishing up, "everyone's different in the end, aren't they?"
It was pretty half-hearted, as conclusions go. Shiki glanced at me doubtfully.
"But you're different," she said, like she'd seen straight through to my real feelings. Even though it sounded cold, there was a sort of warmth in her words, too. I felt kind of awkward and walked on silently through the town for a while.
The sounds of the main street came closer. The bright lights, the hustle and bustle, the lights of the busy cars, and the sound of engines. A surging crowd of people, a babble of noises.
The station was straight ahead, past the main street's mass of department stores.
Shiki stopped abruptly.
"Mikiya, stay over tonight."
"Huh? What's with this, all of a sudden?"
Shiki pulled me along by the hand as if to say "Just come on, dammit." ...It would be much less of a hassle, since Shiki's apartment was so nearby, but I felt morally awkward about spending the night at her place.
"No, really, I don't have to," I protested. "There's nothing in your room anyway. It'll just be boring. Besides, don't you have stuff to do?"
I knew full well that she didn't.
I knew what I was talking about, and Shiki wouldn't have a chance to counterattack ... or so I thought. But she looked at me sternly, like I was the bad guy, and voiced her objection.
"Strawberry."
"Huh?"
"Strawberry Haagen-Dazs. Two cartons. You brought them with you and just left them. Clean up your damn mess."
"...Yeah, now that you mention it..."
They were still there. The presents I'd brought because I was feeling a bit hot on the way to Shiki's place last time. Still, I wonder why I'd brought something like that in the first place. It was almost September, after all.
Well, that was beside the point now, though. It seemed I would have to resign myself to it and just go along with her. Still, I was a little irritated and decided to offer some counteroffensive, at least.
Even though being sniped at like that annoyed me, I had a weakness around Shiki that meant I would just shut up and take it. And even though this showed my real feelings—a cry from the real Mikiya Kokuto—Shiki still wouldn't acknowledge them.
"Oh, all right then. I'll stay the night. But still, Shiki..."
Shiki looked at me questioningly, and I turned to her, a serious look on my face.
"Don't say ‘Clean up your damn mess.' You should clean up your talk. You're a girl, you know."
Shiki was reacting to the word girl
She turned her back on me angrily and muttered something like "I can talk however the hell I fucking want."