In the early morning of July 23, I finally found Minato Keita.
Based on the information I'd gathered from his friends and his range of action and thought process, I was able to narrow down his hiding spot after a whole day.
As of now Minato Keita was illegally residing at the sixth floor of an apartment located in a neighborhood far away from downtown.
I went to ring the doorbell and said, trying not to be loud, "Minato Keita, your senpai asked me to look for you. I'm about to get in. Don't mind if I do." The door was not locked. 
I went quietly inside. The room had no lights so it was pretty dim, despite being early in the day.
I walked through the wooden hallway and reached the living room, which was empty, probably because there was no one living here. The only thing existing  in this room was the bright summer light; from there you could see the bedroom and kitchen. 
I said, "You're in the back, right? I'm coming in."
There was another room beside the bedroom. I turned its knob and found that the inside was pitch black. Kid must have closed the shutters. The sunlight entered through the now open door. As if reacted to it, a small shriek came from the dark corners.
As I'd thought there was nothing inside—a room without furniture is just a box; a room absents of life. And in that room was a boy who looked to be about sixteen, food litters, and a cell phone.
"You are Minato Keita-kun, right? It's unhealthy to hole up in a place like this. And it's wrong to use this room even though nobody is using it. This could be treated as burglary, you know?" When I entered the room, Keita scrambled to the corner. His face was terribly worn-out. It had only been three days since that incident but his cheeks were hollow, his eyes red. 
Clearly, he had not been sleeping. I heard he'd been on drugs, but that didn't seem to be the case—he was losing his mind even without them, like he had just seen an unbelievably tragic scene. 
He was barely maintaining his sanity by staying in this dark room he'd created for himself—a last resort, but that might hold up for a few days at least. 
"…who are you?" he whispered.  There was still a bit of sensibility left in his voice. 
I stopped in my tracks. His mind must've been utterly detached distraught after facing such a grotesque incident. He might be scared of the killer, so who knows what he would do if I were to get closer. Doubt could make him mistake me for his killer.
But it would be a different story if we could still communicate. He might regain his senses when we began talking. Instead of trying to calm him down from close by, I decided it was best to stay where I was and talked to him from a distance.
"Who are you?" he repeated. I raised both hands. 
"I'm Gakuto's friend, and a senpai of yours. My name is Kokuto Mikiya. Do you remember me?"
"Kokuto—senpai?"
He must've not expected me to show up. He stood dumbfounded for a second, and then began crying
"Senpai… Why would you come for me?"
"On behalf of Gakuto's request I'm here to take you under my custody." I said. "We're worried that you might've gotten yourself into some kind of trouble. Would it be alright if I come a little bit closer?"  
Keita shook his head and said,  "I'm not leaving. I'll be killed if I do."
"You'll be killed if you stay in here too." I said.
Keita's eyes widened. He glared at me with his bloodshot eyes; they were fuelled of antagonism. I took out a cigarette and lit it. Although not a smoker myself, it's a handy gesture to make you seem composed, and help calm others.
"I've heard about the incident. Keita, you know the killer, right?" I asked, exhaling the smoke. He remained quiet. "That's okay. I'll just talk to myself for a while. 
"On the night of the 20th, you guys were at your hangout place—the Shinkirou Bar. It was raining that night. I also happened to be out drinking that night, but that's besides the point. 
"I've heard a lot of stories since Gakuto asked me to look for you. I think I know what you guys were up to on the night of the incident. I don't think the cops know about it yet. Your buddies wouldn't want to ask help from those kinds of people. A mess you've got here." I shrugged. Keita was then showing a different kind of fear. It wasn't a fear of what was going to happen, but fear of his doings being found out.
"On the night of the incident, there was one other person beside you guys—the high school girl whom you guys had been violating. I don't know her name, but someone saw her going down to the bar. That girl hasn't shown up at the police station, or anywhere for that matter since that incident. But it's not like her corpse was found like the other four of you. Do you know what happened to her?"
"Dunno. I—I don't know that chick."
"Then that would make you the killer. I'll go call the police."
"No, wait.... it wasn't me! Please! That… all of that… how could I have done any of that?"
"Yeah, I feel the same way. So the girl was really there?"
After a brief silence, Keita nodded.
"But that brings another question. That's not something a girl can accomplish by herself. Were you guys drugged?" I asked.
The boy shook his head, not to the question that the girl was the killer, but to the question of whether they were insane or not.
"It's impossible for five guys to be taken out by just one girl." I said.
"But it's true! I already knew she was weird from the start, but that girl really was insane! Monster... she was a monster!" He began to tremble and covered his face with his hands. He must've been recalling the series of events that happened then. "She was just standing there and everyone got their shit twisted. I heard their bones breaking and I didn't know what the hell was going on. After she killed two of us, that's when it finally hit me. I knew Fujino wasn't normal; I knew that I'd be killed if I had stayed there!"
There was definitely something odd about Keita's story—the person who tore off their limbs was a girl named Fujino, and she could do that by just staring at them. 
Why would he come down to such conclusion? Maybe as someone who was actually there he could feel it in his bones. That is, the difference between the killer and the killed. 
However, there was something that bothered me. She could bend things by just looking them?
It can't be like one of those spoon-bending tricks, I thought, but that might as well be the case; who am I to say after knowing someone like Shiki, who carries a special pair of eyes, and Touko-san, who's a magus.
Okay. Let's take him in for now. But first, there was something else I needed to ask.
"All right. I'll believe that this Fujino girl did it."
"..huh?"
Keita raised his head in surprise.
"But senpai, that was a lie! No one would believe such a story, right?! Please tell me you're joking..."
"Then let's just assume it's a trick, or should I say, ‘hypnosis'? Either way, don't think too hard about it. Don't try to accept what you don't understand. Anyway, what do you mean she was weird from the start?" I asked. He looked surprised by my illogical reasoning, but that seemed to have calmed him down. 
Keita said, "Um… she's just like, weird, you know? It seems like she's acting out everything, like her reactions are really slow. She didn't bat an eye even when our leader threatened her—or when she got drugged—that bitch didn't even look like she was in pain when we punched her."
"…I see."
I knew they were violating Fujino, but for him to come out and admit it himself made me speechless.
That girl—Fujino —was violated by those boys for half a year. She then killed them as revenge. Is there justice in that? Or has justice always been in conflict with the law? 
That was something I didn't want to think about right now. 
"Yeah she was hot and all, but it wasn't fun doing her," said Keita. "It felt like doing a doll. Oh. I just remembered something. There was a time where she acted differently. It just happened recently, but there was this messed up guy in our group. He found it entertaining how he could punch as much as he wanted and she wouldn't act up at all. So then he brought out a bat and smacked her across her back. He was like ‘WHACK!', and smacked away. She did make a painful face. I was like, Thank God even someone like her can feel pain. I remember it 'cause she acted like a human being that night."
"Keep quiet, you."
Keita shut his mouth. I don't think I can keep my composure if I hear any more of this.
"I get the situation. I know someone in the police. We can go there. That's about the second safest place I know."
I approached him to make him stand up, but Keita jumped back and yelled, "No! I won't go to the cops. Besides... I'll be killed if I go out. I'd rather stay here if I'm going to be torn to pieces!"
"Killed if you go out...?" There was a subtle distinction in the way he'd phrased it. There was still one big misunderstanding between us.
I can understand him saying that he'll be found if he goes out. But for him to straight up saying he was about to get killed? That sounds like he's being... watched. 
It was then I finally realized the meaning behind the cell phone by his feet.
"Asagami Fujino's been calling you," I said. Keita started to tremble once again. "Has she figured out this place yet?"
"I don't know," he said. "I had our leader's cell phone when I ran away. She called me after she'd done killing everyone. Says she's gonna look for me, says she'll definitely find me out! That's I gotta hide away from her!"
"Why do you still have that cell phone?" I asked despite knowing the answer.
"Because she says she's going to kill me if I get rid of it! And that I should hang on to it if I don't wanna die! She says that she's gonna spare me if I keep it!"
How callous. How deep-seated was her grudge.
Keita said, "But she still calls me every night… That bitch isn't right in the head. She saw Shono two days ago, Kouhei yesterday... She said she killed them because they didn't know where I was. I'm glad. She said it so fucking kindly! She told me I better come see her if I don't want my friends killed. Like hell I can do that!"
How could one imagine the magnitude of his fear? —the phone calls he received every night which belonged to the person trying to kill him.
I wasn't able to find you today.
One of your friends died in your place.
Come see me if you don't want them killed. 
You don't have to come, but these murders will continue...
…and eventually, I will find you.
"What should I do? I don't wanna die. I don't want to die like that! They were crying in pain! They were coughing up blood and their necks—their necks twisted like rags!"
"Let's get rid of that phone. If you don't there will be more victims."
"Don't you get it?! I'm telling you I'll be killed if I do that!"
Two innocent people were killed because of that. 
Asagami Fujino had to commit two meaningless murders because of that.
"You'll be killed anyway if you stay like this."
I buried the cigarette underneath my foot and moved toward him. I forcefully pulled on his arm. Keita said, "Pease don't do this, senpai. There's no hope for me. Just leave me alone... wait, please don't. I'm scared. I'm actually scared. I don't wanna be by myself anymore. Please help me!"
I nodded.
"I'll help you. I won't go to the cops. I'll take you to the safest place I know."
The only place that I could take him in was Touko-san's place. Believing that to be the best option, we left the apartment.











Sense of Pain／Stay Behind 4

After I had told Touko-san about the situation, she agreed to take Keita in. 
She left him to sleep on the sofa; Keita hadn't had a second of sleep since the night of the incident; and she returned to the office. Shiki and I were waiting there.
Touko-san sat at her table. Shiki was standing against the wall.
They said in unison, "You goody two-shoes." This was after I'd made sure Keita was asleep.
"That's about what I expected," I said.
"If you actually used your brain you wouldn't have involved yourself in this mess," said Touko-san. "You're easily taken advantage of by those kinds of guys, Kokuto."
"What else could I do? The situation called for it," I said. Touko-san began to ponder. Her criticism was harsh, but she did agree to take care of Keita nonetheless. 
Shiki, however, was against it. From the way she was staring at me in silence, she was probably seething in anger.
"‘The situation called for it?' Fine. I get it. This whole situation is unusual. But tell me, what are you planning to do next? Go find her? And convince her to stop somehow?"
"Well, we can't have him here forever, and Asagami Fujino might kill more people. I think our only way out is to talk through it with her."
"And that's why you're such a goddamn goody two-shoes, you fool," Shiki said, going all out. Of course, this was nothing new, but she was being more aggressive than usual. I guess she really was mad.
"You won't be able to talk to her, it's too late," said Shiki. "She won't stop until she accomplishes her goal. No, I don't even know if she'll stop then—at this point, murder is her goal."
"Shiki, you sound like you know her." I said.
"I know her, and I've met her too. She was there with Azaka yesterday."
"Eh?" I blurted. Why would Azaka be with Asagami Fujino? They shouldn't… not have any connections. I only heard the girl they were abusing was in high school, but it would be a different story if that high school was Reien Girls Academy.
"You're oddly slow today, Kokuto," said Touko-san. "You haven't investigated Asagami Fujino yet?" 
"Hey now, I only heard her name for the first time two hours ago. My only purpose here was to take in Minato Keita, and I didn't have the time to."
Regardless, I was having a bad feeling about this. 
I wasn't worried about Azaka being killed or anything. The feeling I had was more like the nervousness you have when you are forced to think about something you've been avoiding.
"…has Asagami Fujino been going to school, still?" I asked.
"No, she hasn't been home or back at dorms since the night of the incident. She's been skipping school too. Basically, she completely disappeared. Azaka said she hasn't seen her since yesterday."
I said, "Touko-san, when did you begin looking into her?"
"Just a while ago. I received a search request from her parents. I heard from Shiki yesterday that Azaka was with Asagami Fujino, but it seems Azaka haven't noticed anything wrong with her friend."
What irony. If my promise with Azaka was a day later, or if I had found Keita quicker, no one would've been killed yesterday.
"Which means there is a reason to why we're taking in Minato Keita. If we cannot find her, we can use him as bait. It'll get rough from there. You and Keita should remain in this building," said Touko-san monotonously. With that, I finally understood why Shiki was standing here this whole time.
"…what do you mean by ‘rough'? What are you going to do with Asagami Fujino?"
"Depending on the circumstances, we'll probably have to resort to combat. The client wishes it anyway. He doesn't want his daughter being framed as a murderer. He told us to get rid of her before it all goes public."
"That's going too far! It's not like she's committing meaningless murder. I think we can still talk things out."
"That's impossible. You haven't heard the whole truth. You don't know the final blow she took when she killed them. I made Keita confess when I put him to sleep. He said his leader attacked Fujino on the last night with a knife; she probably got stabbed. And that kickstarted her revenge."
A knife… so she was threatened with a knife even after being violated? But that doesn't explain why she was beyond help.
Touko-san continued, "The problem is right there. She was stabbed in her stomach on the night of the 20th. Shiki saw her two days later. At that time, she had no wound; it had completely healed."
"Stabbed in the stomach…"
Stop. You're only hurting yourself by thinking about it. My mind tried to stop me but failed.
On the night of the 20th… student of the Reien Academy… stabbed in the stomach…
"Keita also mentioned that he heard her on the phone saying she cannot forget about what happened because the wound keeps on hurting—the wound that should have healed hurts. 
"My guess is that whenever she has a flashback of the times when she was violated, the stabbing pain resurfaces—the horrible memory brings back the horrible pain. Personally, I think it's an illusion, but that pain must feel real for her. It's like a seizure. Every time Asagami Fujino has a flashback of a pain that doesn't exist, she kills someone. Who can be sure that won't happen while you're talking with her?"
On the contrary, that also means we can communicate with her if she doesn't feel the pain. But before I could say it, Shiki spoke up,  "That's wrong, Touko. She really feels pain. It's still in her body."
"That can't be. Are you saying that you were wrong about her wound having healed, Shiki?"
"Her wound's healed. Not even a scrap of metal is inside her. What actually happens is that her pain comes and goes. Yes, there's nothing we can do about her when she's in pain, but when Asagami Fujino is in her usual state she's too boring. I told you I came back 'cause she wasn't even worth killing, yeah?"
"Well, she would already be dead if a fragment of metal were stuck in her body… but a wound that still hurts after it's healed, huh?" Touko-san took out a pack of cigarettes as if to contemplate on such fact. I, too, could only wonder at Shiki's words. 
It's normal to be in pain until the wound heals, but why would the pain of a wound that's already healed come back from time to time? That's like having only the sense of pain remaining in your body.
"...Oh."
And it hit me. 
I wouldn't say I'd come up with a solution to her unknown symptoms, but by thinking about the idea of a "symptom" I was able understand why Keita had called her "weird".
"Kokuto, is that some new way of staying healthy by saying vowels out loud?"
...I don't think anyone would do such a thing, even if it existed.
"No, it's something else." I said. "I think I have a clue about what's unusual about Asagami Fujino."
Touko-san raised an eyebrow. That reminds me, I'd only told her the summary of the incident, so I guess I hadn't told her about this yet.
"It was something he'd told me in our conversation: Asagami Fujino was unaffected by anything they did too her, or so it seems. At first I thought she was just tough-skinned, but that girl is nothing of that sort."
 "…you sound like you know her, Mikiya." Shiki glared at me. My instincts were telling me to ignore her, otherwise I might be digging myself a hole.
"It's possible. I don't know that much about it, but I think she might have something like pain insensitivity."
Pain insensitivity is just as it sounds, a disorder where one cannot feel any pain—a very rare condition; you'd never encounter it in the wild, but that could explain her mysterious symptoms.
"I see. That would explain some things, but there should be a cause to it. Even if she did get stabbed, there wouldn't be any pain to start out with provided she was pain insensitive. To determine if she really has that condition we'd have to look if she was born with it, or whether her nerves are dissociated. Well, assuming she is truly pain insensitive, is there anything that might cause this insensitivity to malfunction, like someone hitting her back hard or taking lots of steroids?"
Hitting her back hard… that's it.
"I… don't know how hard, but I heard they hit her in the back with a bat," I said, holding back as much emotions as I could. 
Touko-san then laughed and said, "Haha. If we're talking about those kids I bet they did a full swing on her back. And even after her backbone broke she still got raped by them, not knowing what that feeling is. Good grief, so that's the first pain she feels? She must not have understood what her irritation was about. And seriously Kokuto, I'm surprised you still took in Minato Keita after hearing all that." Touko-san said as the corners of her mouth raised. 
She had this bad habit of cornering someone with her words whenever she's in the mood for it. I guess she enjoyed mentally abusing someone, and that someone is usually me. 
In any other times I would've fought back, but I couldn't say anything in return right now. I didn't have the confidence to. All I could do was look down and refute her answers.
"…so Touko-san, are backbones and pain insensitivity related somehow?"
"Yeah, your spine controls your nerves, right? When you have a problem with your sense of pain, you usually have something wrong in your spine. Have you heard of Syringomyelia before?"
...I wouldn't know of such a technical medical term. Touko-san lowered her shoulders in disappointment when I shook my head.
"Syringomyelia is the most common case of pain insensitivity. Listen, Kokuto, there are two types of sense: Superficial sensation that lets you feel such things as pain, temperature and touch, and deep sensation that tells you of your body movements and general area. Normally, sensation numbness affects both of these aspects. 
"What does it mean to not have any sense at all, do you think?"
"Well, it's just as you said. You don't feel anything that you touch, and you don't taste anything that you eat, right?"
Yup yup, Touko-san nodded enthusiastically. 
"That's a natural response from a person with senses. You think that besides having lost their senses, they still have a body, so there should be no difference in the way they operate. But that's wrong. To have no sense means that you cannot obtain anything, Kokuto," said Touko-san.
To not obtain anything? 
How could that be? 
They should still be able to hold things, or talk to others. Being pain insensitive just means they cannot feel what they're touching, so why would that be the same as not being able to obtain things? It's not like they've lost their physical body. And frankly, they're probably in a better position compared to someone who's missing parts of their body.
Then I realized.
"…oh."
To not have a body—you can't feel what you touch; the only way you know you've touched something is to observe from the side. It would be like reading a book—how is that any different from having a pipe dream, or reading a fictional story?
Even when you walk you're only aware that your body is moving, unable to sense the firmness of the ground. No, you can barely feel that awareness with your eyes.
To have no sense is to have no body. That would make them no difference from a ghost.
For them, all reality is what they see through their eyes. That's just the same as not being able to touch anything even if they really can touch...!
"…so that's what it means to be pain insensitive."
"That's right. Let's assume Asagami Fujino's pain insensitivity temporarily went away from being hit in her back. That would mean she knows what pain feels like. To be able to feel what was impossible to her must have given her the urges for murder."
Would that girl—who found out what pain feels like—hate such a sensation? 
No. Why would she. For someone who's been living her life like a ghost,  I can only imagine how happy she must have been when she felt pain for the first time. Though she probably hadn't known the feeling of happiness, either.
"…maybe her pain insensitivity went away temporarily, and her experiencing pain might have led her to feel what hatred is like," I said. "The sense of pain she finally obtained became the trigger for her revenge."
How ironic.
"But here's the thing. Fujino herself would say that she's taking revenge because her wound is hurting, but that makes me wonder about something," said Touko-san. "To be precise, her pain makes her remember about all the times she got raped, which makes her want to take revenge. I do believe this to be her motive, but part of it doesn't sit right. First of all, according to Shiki, she's back to being pain insensitive, right? Then that would take away her reason for revenge. Her wound should not hurt since it's healed."
I said, "That's wrong, Touko-san. If she couldn't feel anything, she shouldn't have been able to experience sexual stimulation either; so even when they raped her, she could not feel anything, including pain. To her, it only means that her body was raped. However, or rather, precisely because of that, instead of her body hurting, her heart was taking the pain. I think her wounds are not on her body but rather in her soul. That's why the pain comes back with the memory, because her heart is in pain."
Touko-san did not answer. As if in her place, Shiki began to laugh, "Ridiculous. There's no such thing as a soul. How can something that's not there hurt?"
…I couldn't think of anything to say back. 
Indeed, something as poetic and sentimental as a soul is not something you can prove to exist. 
As I stood in silence, Touko-san, to my surprise, said so quietly, "Not quite. The human mind is easily broken. I don't think you can conclude that just because something without a form it's free from damage. In reality, people can die from being mentally ill. Whether it's all in their head or not, as long as the person themselves perceive it to be true, such abstract phenomenon can be considered to be pain."
A rather ambiguous answer for her, but at least now I had someone on my side. 
Shiki became annoyed. She crossed her arms and said, "Seriously, Touko? Are you siding with Asagami Fujino, too? She's not as pitiful as you'd think."
"Yeah, I feel the same way with respect to that. I don't think Asagami Fujino would be that corny. She takes revenge because her soul was damaged? As if. Listen to me, Kokuto. For someone who's pain insensitive, even their heart doesn't feel pain."
My newly acquired ally instantly became my final boss.
"Look, personality is medically defined as ‘a phenomenon by which a person reacts to outside force'," said Touko-san. "Within the human mind, such things as ‘kindness' and ‘hatred' cannot come from within. They would not function unless something from outside stimulates them. That's where the idea of pain comes into play. To not have pain means to be emotionally numb. People who are born with pain insensitivity lack that personality. They do not carry thoughts or desires like you or me, nor they understand common sense. Asagami Fujino is exactly that. It's meaningless to talk sense to her."
Touko-san brought back my suggestion of talking to Asagami Fujino to the conversation and brushed it off so casually. Her matter-of-fact attitude seemed rather like a last warning. It put me on the edge.
"...please don't say that when you haven't even met her." I stood up from the sofa, unable to withstand any longer. "This is all under the assumption that Asagami Fujino has been pain insensitive since she was born. We don't know if that's true."
"And yet you're the one proposing that she might've had pain insensitivity to begin with," said Touko-san coldly.
She really did not care about others. How can she be so cold to Asagami Fujino when she's a woman? Or is it that she can be this cold because she is a woman?
"Well, I do have things I'm concerned about too. Asagami Fujino might be just a victim. The question is which was first."
'Which was first?'
Touko-san began to ponder and did not elaborate further.
"What do you think, Shiki?" I asked while facing in the other direction. Shiki answered exactly as I expected, "Same as Touko, but I can't allow Asagami Fujino to continue regardless. I feel sick just from thinking that she might kill another person."
Touko-san followed up, "Hating your own kind, eh? I guess you bunch really do act independent."
I finally understood why Shiki had answered that way.
And I wonder the time when she herself realizes that she herself never wishes to kill anyone.
Asagami Fujino and Ryougi Shiki. 
I believe that the two were alike, and because they were alike, they could not ignore the clear difference between them. If the two did end up fighting each other, would Shiki realize her true feelings?
No, I couldn't let them fight in the first place.
"…I understand. I'll look into her past history myself. Also, could I have any information about her, if you happen to have any?" I asked. Touko-san simply handed those documents to me. 
Shiki looked away telling me to do as I please. 
While looking through the documents, I noticed that Asagami Fujino had lived in Nagano until elementary school. At the time the last kanji in her surname was different. Her current father was not her blood-related, meaning she was taken in by her mother when she got remarried. I guess this would be the place to start my investigation.
"I have to travel quite a long way and may not come back today or tomorrow. By the way, is there really any such thing as supernatural power, Touko-san?"
"You don't believe what Minato Keita said? Asagami Fujino surely has some sort of power to that effect. See, the term supernatural power is pretty broad, so it's not accurate to call hers that. If you want to know about it, I can introduce you to a specialist." Saying that, Touko-san wrote the address of this supernatural power specialist on the back of her business card.
"Wait, you don't know much about it?" I said.
"Of course not. Magic is a field of study. How can we associate ourselves with something so inherently foul and has no history or logic behind it? You see, Kokuto, those kinds of powers that are only given to the chosen ones are what I hate the most." Touko-san really must've hated it, as she spoke like she had her glasses on. I took her business card, and spoke to Shiki who remained dubious this whole time, "Shiki, I'm going. Make sure you don't push yourself."
"You're the one pushing yourself. I guess you really can't treat stupidity," said Shiki spitefully.
Even so, she said in a tiny voice, "I'll try my best".