On the day of our finals for the second quarter, I saw something unthinkable on my desk: it was a letter. No, that in itself wasn't too weird. The problem was the sender and its content. 
To put it simply, it was from Shiki, asking me out on a date.
The content of the letter read like a threat as if saying, "Bring me somewhere tomorrow, or else." 
I was bewildered, and headed home and waited apprehensively for the next day to come, feeling like a samurai who was ordered to seppuku.
◇◆◇

"Yo, Kokuto."
Those were Shiki's first words the moment she arrived. Our meeting place was in front of the train station, which had a dog statue. She wore a red leather jacket over her reddish-brown kimono. But rather than her outfit, I was more confused by the way she spoke.
"Did I make you wait? Sorry about that, took me awhile to chase off Akitaka," Shiki said as if it was the most natural thing.
She sounded like a guy, not like the Shiki I knew. Unable to respond, I looked over her again; there was nothing different in the way she looked. She had a graceful, somewhat diminutive body, but her confident stance and composure lent her a certain measure of strength—an unbalance belongs to that of active life-like doll. A food for thought: life-like dolls are one of the two types of marionettes where only their external appearances are carefully polished. 
"What? You angry just 'cause I'm an hour late? I never knew you were that petty, Kokuto."
Shiki took a glimpse at me with her dark eyes. Her short black hair, although roughly cut, was beautiful, and her small face and big eyes both had their elegant contours. Those black eyes, which were like a pool of sumi ink, reflected the outline of Kokuto Mikiya, and at the same time, was gazing upon something much further away. 
Come to think of it, it was those eyes that I was attracted to when we first met on that snowy day.
"Um... You're Shiki, right?"
"Yeah," Shiki laughed. The corners of her mouth lifted, and formed into something that seemed like a prideful smile. "What else do I look like? We're wasting time like this. Come on, take me somewhere. I'll let you decide, Kokuto." Saying that, Shiki seized my arms forcefully and started walking.
...She'd said she would let me decide, but in my confusion, I didn't even notice that she was leading the way.
We walked a lot.
Shiki didn't do much shopping, but she would go into various boutiques to look around, and head into another whenever she got bored. I had suggested to take a rest at the café or a movie theatre, but she rejected my ideas. The more that I thought about it, it would have been boring to go to such places with the way Shiki was acting at the moment.
She was very talkative. 
If I wasn't mistaken, she seemed to be pretty excited. You could even say that she was pumped up. 
Most of the stores she went to were fashion-oriented, though I must say I was relieved that they were all for women's clothing. Eventually, Shiki must have become tired from looking through four department stores in four hours, as she told me that she wanted to go get something to eat.
We wandered around and ended up in a fast food joint. She sat down at a table, and took off her jacket. Her out-of-place kimono drew glances from all around, but this fact did not seem to faze her. 
After steeling my nerves, I asked her about what I had been wondering all this time, "Shiki, is this how you normally talk?"
"Well, yeah. That's how I speak. But there's no meaning in how someone talks. Even you can change your speech patterns, Kokuto."
Shiki sat there, eating her hamburger disinterestedly.
"But you know, this kind of thing never happened before. Today's the first day that I came outside. I didn't say anything until now 'cause I had the same opinion as Shiki."
…I did not get it at all.
"Let's just say, it's like a split personality, to put it simply." Shiki went on. "I'm SHIKI, and the one who's normally out is Shiki. The character for SHIKI comes from the word, 'woven cloth.' But Shiki and I are not different people. The only difference between us is our priorities of things—the hierarchy of our interests is different."
Saying that, she wrote on her napkin with her wet hands. Her white finger traced the two characters "Shiki" and "SHIKI" that bear the same reading.
"I've been wanting to talk to you, Kokuto, that's all. Since it's not something Shiki prioritizes, I'm doing it in her place. Got it?"
"Well… kind of," I answered uneasily. Actually, I had felt what she was talking about. I think I had some memories of encountering something like multiple personalities in person.
Before I entered high school, I had met Shiki, but she said she didn't remember it. At that time, I thought she'd said that because she hated me, but after hearing this, it all made much more sense.
Or maybe the reality was even more different. After spending all day with her I could tell she was the same Shiki. As Shiki, or rather, SHIKI said, the only difference was her speech. Her actions belonged to that very same Shiki; even the uneasiness I had felt earlier diluted.
"But why are you telling me all of this?"
"I thought I wouldn't be able to hide it from you much longer," Shiki said with an unconcerned look, and drank her juice.
She put the straw to her mouth briefly, and quickly let go. She seemed to have a distaste for cold drinks.
"To tell you the truth, I'm like Shiki's destructive impulse, it's something that she really wanted to do, but up to now, there was no one she wanted to do it with, because Ryougi Shiki was uninterested in everyone," SHIKI said flatly. I could not move, being entranced by those deep black eyes.
"But rest assured, I'm still Shiki. I'm just saying what Shiki thinks. Like I told you earlier, we just talk differently; I won't go nuts out of nowhere .…Although, the two of us are divided on this regard, so take it with a grain of salt."
"Divided…? You mean, you and Shiki get into fights?"
"I mean, how can you get in a fight with yourself?" SHIKI replied. "No matter what I do, it has to be something we both want, so we both have no complaints. And no matter how much I try to oppose her, Shiki has control over this body. I'm seeing you like this because Shiki thought it was all right too, though maybe after I said this, she might regret it later. It's not like her to be wishing to see you, right?"
I nodded right away.
Then, SHIKI oddly laughed.
"See, I like that part about you, while Shiki doesn't. That's what I mean by being divided."
I wonder what she had meant then. Did Shiki not like the fact that I did not think too much? Or did Shiki not like the fact that she liked that part of me? I had no basis, but I thought it had to be the latter.
"Well, that's enough explanation for today."
Standing up suddenly, SHIKI put on the leather jacket.
"I've taken an interest in you, we'll meet again soon. Catch you later."
After grabbing out the money for the hamburger out of her pocket, Shiki's body, who was at the time SHIKI, took a stride to the automatic door.
◇◆◇

When I was on my way home, the sun was already setting. Because of the recent murder incidents not many people were out on the streets even when it was noon.
I entered inside my house and saw my cousin there. His name was Daisuke. 
I felt exhausted from all that talk with SHIKI, so I went to the kotatsu, put my legs in it, and lied the floor. Daisuke nii-san also had his legs in there so we ended up fighting silently for the small space inside. In the end, I couldn't lay down on the side, and got up.
"Daisuke-san, don't you have work to do?"
I asked him while removing the mandarin oranges off the table. He said, "Yeah. We've got five people in three months, of course we're busy. I can't even go home to sleep, so I'll be chilling at the big man's place. I'll fuck off in an hour, all right."
Daisuke nii-san worked as an investigation officer in the first division of the city police department. For someone who publicly announces their own laziness, I never understood why he decided on such an unfitting job. 
"How's the investigation going?"
"It's all right. There weren't any clues until now but the killer finally left us something. Well, it does seem intentional though." Saying that, Daisuke nii-san lifted up his head, his grave look facing me. 
"What I'm telling you is confidential. I'm going to tell you because you're not an outsider, and this will be important for you. Didn't I tell you about the first victim?"
Daisuke nii-san began to describe the second and the third murder scene. I listened closely while hoping not all policemen in this country had this much of a loose tongue.
The second victim had their body bisected vertically. From their head down to their groin. The weapon used was unknown. One of the cut halves was stuck to the wall.
The third victim had their arms and legs amputated, with the severed arms sewn onto the legs.
The fourth victim had their body cut into pieces and had some word-like symbol stamped on it.
The fifth victim was made to resemble a swastika using its arms and legs.
"What an obvious psycho." I said, trying to hold back the nausea. Daisuke nii-san agreed.
"The killer's probably acting like that on purpose. Mikiya, what do you think?"
"...Let's see. I don't think it matters that all of the victims have been cut apart, that's all I could say. Although, there's just one thing…"
"What?"
"The killer is getting used to this. The next one might not be outside," I said.
You're right, Daisuke nii-san said and covered his face.
"There's no motive or pattern. It's only happening outside right now, but this is the type of psycho who would break into someone's house, and there's even more incentive to do so if there's no more prey to be found at night. I just hope your bosses would take that into consideration and be prepared for it."
"About that,"  Daisuke nii-san changed the subject, "We found this by the fifth victim."
He placed our school badge on the table. We are required to wear this somewhere on our person when going to school, though it wasn't necessarily enforced as we didn't have a proper dress code.
"I don't know if the killer didn't notice this because of the grass at the murder scene, or if they left it on purpose, but either way, there has to be a meaning behind this. I might go over to your place sometime soon." 
With the look of a proper police, my brother left such ominous statement.