A murder occurred in front of my house.
I couldn't remember well the events following my late walk.
But if you connect the parts that I remembered, then it was obvious what I had done.
Like SHIKI I could not stand the smell of blood. Just looking at it makes my mind go blank. 
The bloodshed was particularly beautiful.


On the stone-paved path that led to my mansion, the space between each and every stone formed a maze, and through that maze there were several red lines running over it, creating a beauty like never before.
But that caused a disaster. 
When I regained my senses, there was someone throwing up behind me. 
It was Kokuto Mikiya. 
I didn't understand why he was there. At the time I didn't even wonder why he was there. 
But, I thought.
I went back to the mansion. Apparently, the crime was found out much later. There was no mentioning of my name.
So was it all just a dream? How could that honest-to-god boy would defend a serial killer?
And why did it have to be in front of my house?
"SHIKI, is it you?" I asked. There was no answer.
SHIKI and I were out of sync. That feeling grew stronger every day. Even if I let SHIKI use my body, the one who decides is me, so why did my memories become hazy?
…Perhaps.
Without realizing it, I might have gone insane like everyone else in the Ryougi bloodline. SHIKI would say, "If you think you're abnormal, then you're not." To an abnormal person, everyone else seems abnormal, so they would not question themselves. 
At least that's how I was. This just means I finally became aware the difference between me and the rest of the world.
But who caused that?
"Please excuse me, Ojou-sama," said Akitaka after knocking on the door.
"What is it?" I said as an innuendo calling him to enter. He followed.
It was almost bedtime, and so he left the door open without entering. 
"It appears that there is someone checking out the mansion."
"I heard from father that he got all the policemen out."
Akitaka then nodded, "All the police have been off the property since last night. I believe it is someone else."
 "That's none of my business. Do as you wish."
"It seems the one outside is your schoolmate," said Akitaka. 
After hearing that, I immediately got up from my bed. I went to the window facing the mansion's gate, and looked outside. 
Between the bamboo woods surrounding the gate was a person's figure whom I wish would at least try to hide himself better. It was irritating to watch.
"….."
Then, I was seething.
Akitaka said, "I can get him to go home if you wish."
"I don't care. You can let it be."
I quickly made my way to bed and lay down. After wishing me goodnight, Akitaka left and closed the door 
I couldn't sleep even with the lights off and my eyes shut.
There was nothing to do, so I checked outside the window again. 
While adjusting the hoodie of his brown winter coat, Mikiya was shivering in the cold. He appeared to be looking at the gate, exhaling puffs of breathe. He put the thermos bottle and coffee cup by his feet. What a gentleman. 
I now couldn't brush it off as a dream. Mikiya really was there, otherwise he wouldn't be checking on me like this.
I did not know what his motives were, but I think he was out to check the identity of the killer.
Anyway.
To my surprise, I was unconsciously biting my nail in anger.

◇◆◇

Despite that incident, Mikiya was acting like normal.
"Shiki, wanna eat lunch together?" Mikiya asked. We went to the rooftop.
It felt like he was trying to groom me with food, probably because I'd accepted his offer to eat so many times.
I would have decided to ignore him, but I was curious about what he thought of that night. 
I followed him up to the rooftop thinking he would question me about it, but Mikiya was the same as always.
"Isn't your house stupidly huge? I can brag about being greeted by a servant just by going to see you," said Mikiya. He had no right to call Akitaka a servant.
"Akitaka is my father's secretary. And we call them caretakers, not servants, Kokuto-kun."
"Huh, so you do have people like that at your place."
That was the only time my house was brought up.
With his personality, I don't think he realized that we saw him checking out the mansion; but still, it didn't make sense the way he was acting.
He must have seen me covered in blood that night. Why could he still laugh like it never happened? 
And so I brought the topic up myself.
"Kokuto-kun, on the night of February 3—"
"It's okay."
He avoided my question just like that.
"Seriously, Kokuto? How can you just brush it off like that?"
Unbelievable. I started speaking like SHIKI without thinking. Mikiya was startled by the way I called him.
I said, "Tell me, why didn't you tell the police about me?"
"—I didn't see anything, that's why."
That's a lie. How could it be? At that time, SHIKI saw that he was vomiting and went toward him—
"You just happened to be there, right? At least that's what I saw, so I decided to trust you."
That's a lie. Otherwise, why would you be checking on the mansion.
…SHIKI went toward him and—
"Well, I'll be honest with you, it's a bit difficult for me to think about it right now. When I have confidence in myself, I should be able to hear you out; so let's not talk about it for now." He said. His sulking expression made me want to run to somewhere far away.
...and undoubtedly considered killing Kokuto Mikiya.
I never wished for such a thing. 
Mikiya said he would believe in me. 
If I could also believe in myself to not have such desires, then perhaps I would have never experienced this unknown pain.
◇◆◇

From that day on, I ignored Mikiya completely. 
About two days into it, he stopped talking to me, but he didn't stop coming to check on me late at night. 
Under the cold winter sky, he would sit among the bamboo woods until about three in the morning, and gratefully, I could no longer take my nightly walks. This had been going on for two weeks. 
I took a glance outside the window, wondering if he really wanted to figure out the identity of the killer that badly.
…He was stupidly patient.
It was almost three in the morning, but he kept staring at the gate. 
There was no sign of desperation in his expression—in fact, he seemed to be smiling as he was about to leave.
"......"
I bit my lip in irritation. 
I finally understood.
He wasn't here to look for the killer. 
For him, it was only natural to trust me.
That's why he did not suspect me, he sat there knowing from the beginning that I would not go out during the night—he was only there to prove my innocence. 
That's why he smiled happily when the night ended without anything happening, believing that the true killer was truly innocent.
"—What a happy guy."
I murmured, and thought,
Being with Mikiya somehow made me calm. 
Being with Mikiya gave me the idea that I was like him. 
Being with Mikiya gave me the fantasy that it was possible for me to go to the other side. 
And yet, however, there was something certain.
That bright side of the world is a world I should never be in. 
A world I cannot exist in, a world without a place for me. 
And the foolish man that was Mikiya pulled me in with his smile, like it was the most obvious thing.
Because of that, I became irritated at myself for believing, and at Mikiya for having me believe in such things.
Inside me rested a serial killer named SHIKI, and that boy happened to bring it to the surface.
"I am fine by myself. Yet you're getting in my way, aren't you, Kokuto."
Shiki/I did not want to go insane.
SHIK/I did not want to break apart.
Everything would have been fine had I not dreamt of a normal life.
◇◆◇

March came and the cold started to ebb away. 
After not doing so for several weeks, I finally looked outside from my classroom. 
The view from here made a person like me feel safe—a view that I cannot reach precludes me from having any semblance of hope. 
Mikiya entered the classroom as usual. The sunset dyed the classroom in red.
SHIKI always enjoyed having a conversation together in the classroom like this.
I, too, did not dislike it either.
"I never thought you'd be the one to invite me out. Are you going to stop ignoring me?" said Mikiya.
"It's impossible for us to keep this up." I said. "We need to talk." 
Mikiya frowned. It felt as if SHIKI's personality was being ever more strongly intermixed with my own. I continued, "You said that I'm not the killer." The sunset was so red and vivid that I could not see his face. "Sorry to disappoint, but I am a murderer. Why did you let me go even after seeing that scene?"
Mikiya looked dumbstruck, "There's nothing to let go, you never did such a thing."
"Even if I admit it myself?"
Mikiya nodded.
"You're the one who told me to take your words with a grain of salt. And you're definitely incapable of doing such a thing. I'm sure of it."
How could he say that so confidently and be so ignorant?
"How could you be so sure? What about me can you understand? What about me can you trust?" I said, venting my anger at him. Mikiya appeared troubled, his face grew into a lonely smile, and said, "I have no basis for it, but I think I'll continue to trust you. How could I not? I'm in love you, Shiki."
That was the finishing blow.
Carrying such simplicity, those words, innocent as they were, were rather stripped of the veil of pretense.
These unassuming words to him was for me, Shiki, a little happiness and simultaneously an unstoppable destruction. 
Indeed, they created a destruction inside of me. I was shown an impossible fragment of time where I was able live in by this happy person.
A world in which you can live with someone else must be a happy world.
However, I do not know such a world.
Surely, I do not know of such a world.
If I get to know someone, SHIKI will kill that person, because SHIKI's reason for existence is to deny. 
And since my reason is to affirm, I cannot exist without denial. 
Since I have never been attracted to anything, I was able to distance myself from this contradiction. 
Now that I knew of such contradiction, the more I wish for it the more I understand the hopelessness coming from that wish.
It felt so painful, and so detestable.
For the first time, I detested this man from the bottom of my heart.

Mikiya was smiling as if it were nothing.
Even when I was not supposed to be in that world.

I could not stand his existence. 
I knew for sure now. 
Mikiya was to bring forth my destruction—

"You're a fool." I said what I meant from the bottom of my heart.
"Yeah, I get that a lot," said Mikiya.
The sunset blazed red behind me.
As I left the classroom, I asked Mikiya without facing him, "Are you going to come again tonight?"
"Huh…?"
He sounded surprised. He must have not known that I had noticed his "stake-outs". 
Mikiya tried to shrug it off, but I prevented him from doing so.
"Answer me."
"I don't know what you're talking about, but I'll go if I feel like it." He said. I acknowledged his statement and left the classroom. 
Gray clouds loomed across in the red sky. 
Judging from the sudden change in the weather, I believe it would rain tonight.